

                          EXHIBIT "H"
                   NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT


                                                            Contract No.  [***]

            
                 MUTUAL NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
                           

This MUTUAL NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") made this ____ day of  
____ , 199__ (the "Effective Date") between FEDERAL EXPRESS CORPORATION 
("Federal") and INTERNATIONAL BILLING SERVICES, INC ("IBS").

RECITALS     

    1. Federal and IBS have each developed certain confidential and 
proprietary information ("Federal's Confidential Information" or "IBS's 
Confidential Information") including, but not limited to, financial 
statements, financing documents, trade secrets, new products, copyrights, 
computer software, documentation, specifications, systems, hardware, 
concepts, designs, configurations, schedules, costs, performance features, 
techniques, copyrighted matter, patentable and patented inventions, plans, 
methods, drawings, data, tables, calculations, documents or other paperwork, 
computer program narratives, flow charts, source and object codes, business 
and marketing plans, dealings, arrangements, objectives, locations and 
customer information.

    2. In order to discuss the pursuit of a business relationship, Federal 
and IBS recognize the need for disclosure of Federal's Confidential 
Information to IBS, and of IBS's Confidential Information to Federal.

    3. Federal is willing to disclose its Confidential Information to IBS and 
IBS is willing to disclose its Confidential Information to Federal pursuant 
to the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement.

FOR AND IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement,

Federal and IBS (individually a "Party" and collectively the "Parties") agree 
as follows:

    Section 1. Confidentiality of Information. (a) Each party acknowledges 
that all Confidential Information which has or will come into its possession 
or knowledge after the Effective Date in connection with business 
discussions, conferences or other activities in pursuit of a business 
relationship between Federal and IBS:

     (i)  is proprietary to the disclosing party, having been designed, 
developed or accumulated by the disclosing party at a great expense and over 
lengthy periods of time and

*** Portions of this exhibit have been redacted pursuant to a Confidential  
Treatment Request.

<PAGE>

    (ii)  is secret, confidential and unique, and constitutes the exclusive 
property of the disclosing party. Each party acknowledges that any disclosure 
of the other's Confidential Information other than for the benefit of the 
other party will be wrongful and will cause irreparable injury to the other 
party and, therefore, each party agrees to hold the other's Confidential 
information in strictest confidence and not to make use of it other than for 
the benefit of the other party.

   (b) Information shall be deemed "Confidential Information" and shall be 
subject to the terms of this Agreement if:

    (i)  the party to which such information is being
disclosed is notified that the information is confidential
or proprietary prior to its disclosure; or

    (ii)  information in a tangible form is labeled as confidential or 
proprietary prior to its disclosure; or

    (iii) the party to which such information is being disclosed knows that 
such information is confidential or proprietary or would be reasonably 
expected to understand the confidential or proprietary nature of such 
information.

   Section 2. Non-Disclosure to Third Parties. Neither party shall 
communicate the other's Confidential Information in any form to any third 
party without the other party's prior written consent and each party shall 
use its best efforts to prevent inadvertent disclosure of the other's 
Confidential Information to any third party. Any Confidential Information 
disclosed to a third party pursuant to this Section shall be provided 
pursuant to a non-disclosure agreement between the party providing the 
information and the third party, which non-disclosure agreement shall 
substantially conform to this Agreement. In addition, the parties agree that 
they will conform to the provisions of applicable securities laws in 
connection with their use of the Confidential Information.

   Section 3. Authorized Disclosure. The parties acknowledge that in order to 
enable them to discuss pursuit of a business relationship each may be 
required to disseminate the other party's Confidential Information to various 
of its employees. Each party undertakes to cause any of its employees to whom 
such Confidential Information is transmitted to be bound to the same 
obligation of secrecy and confidentiality to which the parties are bound 
under this Agreement.

   Section 4. Survival of Terms. The obligations of this Agreement shall 
terminate with respect to any particular portion of a party's Confidential 
Information:

    (i)    if either party can show that the Confidential Information 
received from the other is or has become generally available to the public 
through no violation of the terms of this Agreement;

*** Portions of this exhibit have been redacted pursuant to a Confidential  
Treatment Request.

<PAGE>

     (ii)  if either party can show that such Confidential Information is in 
a written record in such party's files prior to receipt from the other party;

     (iii) if either party at any time lawfully obtains such Confidential 
Information in writing from a             third party under circumstances 
permitting its disclosure;

     (iv)  if such Confidential Information is disclosed with the prior 
written consent of the party to whom such Confidential Information belongs, 
provided that any disclosure complies in all respects with the terms of such 
written consent; or

     (v)   if such Confidential Information is disclosed pursuant to the 
lawful requirement of a governmental agency or required by operation of law; 
provided that the party to whom such Confidential Information belongs 
shall be given written notice prior to such disclosure and such disclosure 
shall be permitted only to the extent required by law.

Otherwise, the obligations of this Agreement with respect to either party's 
Confidential Information shall terminate on the later of (i) three (3) years 
after the Expiration Date (or earlier termination date) of this Agreement as 
set forth in Section 5 hereof, or (ii) in the event there are

any contracts or agreements between the parties which are entered into in 
connection with information disclosed under this Agreement, three (3) years 
after the date of termination or expiration of all such contracts and 
agreements between the parties.

     Section 5. Extent of Agreement. (a) This Agreement shall govern all 
communications between Federal and IBS that are made from the Effective Date 
of this Agreement through and including the date which shall be three (3) 
years from the Effective Date of this Agreement (the "Expiration Date"). 
Notwithstanding the Expiration Date, the parties agree that in the event of 
any breach of this Agreement by a party, the injured party shall have the 
right to immediately terminate this Agreement.

     (b) This Agreement is not an agreement by either party to enter into any 
business relationship with the other or to procure any product or service 
from the other. Any agreement for such business relationship, purchase or 
other procurement shall be at the discretion of the parties and shall be 
evidenced by separate written agreements executed by the parties.

     Section 6. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and 
construed in accordance with the laws of Tennessee.

written.

     Section 7. Injunctive Relief. In addition to and not in lieu of the 
right to terminate as provided in Section 5, the parties agree that in the 
event of any violation or threatened 

*** Portions of this exhibit have been redacted pursuant to a Confidential  
Treatment Request.

<PAGE>

violation of this Agreement the injured party shall be authorized and 
entitled to obtain from any court of competent jurisdiction preliminary and 
permanent injunctive relief as well as an equitable accounting of all profits 
or benefits arising from such violation, which rights and remedies shall be 
cumulative and in addition to any other rights or remedies at law or in 
equity to which the injured party may be entitled.

     Section 8. Valid Agreement. Both parties acknowledge that this Agreement 
is valid and legally binding and has been executed by an authorized 
representative, and each party confirms and ratifies the terms and conditions 
herein.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement on the date 
first above written.

INTERNATIONAL BILLING SERVICES, INC.
By: /R. Karl Turner/
Title: Sr. Vice President
("IBS")
APPROVED LEGAL DEPT. TK 10/21/96


FEDERAL EXPRESS CORPORATION
By: /Sandra W. Cohn/
Title: Managing Director
("Federal")
APPROVED AS TO LEGAL FORM CSS 10/11/96

*** Portions of this exhibit have been redacted pursuant to a Confidential  
Treatment Request.
