


                         MUTUAL NONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENT

                            Effective Date: 12/10/98

     This Agreement governs the disclosure of information by and between Yahoo!
Inc., a California corporation, and Restrac, Inc. ("Participant").

     1. The "Confidential Information" is that confidential, proprietary, and
trade secret information being disclosed by the disclosing party described as
(please be specific):

          (a) Yahoo Confidential Information (owned by Yahoo and any of its
     affiliates): Resume and Employment Related.

          (b) Participant Confidential Information: Resume and Employment
     Related.

     2. Except as set forth in this Section 2, all Confidential Information
shall be in tangible form and shall be marked as Confidential or proprietary
information of the disclosing party. If the Confidential Information is
disclosed orally or visually, it shall be identified as such at the time of
disclosure and confirmed in a writing to the recipient within thirty (30) days
of such disclosure.

     3. Each of the parties agrees that it will not make use of, disseminate, or
in any way disclose any Confidential Information of the other party to any
person, firm or business, except to the extent necessary for negotiations,
discussions and consultations with personnel or authorized representatives of
the other party and any purpose the other party may hereafter authorize in
writing. Each of the parties agrees that it shall disclose Confidential
Information of the other party only to those of its employees who need to know
such information and who have previously agreed, either as a condition to
employment or in order to obtain the Confidential Information, to be bound by
terms and conditions substantially similar to those of this Agreement.

     4. There shall be no liability for disclosure or use of Confidential
Information which is (a) in the public domain through no fault of the receiving
party (b) rightfully received from a third party without any obligation of
confidentiality, (c) rightfully known to the receiving party without any
limitation on use or disclosure prior to its receipt from the disclosing party,
(d) independently developed by the receiving party, (e) generally made available
to third parties without any restriction on disclosure, or (f) communicated in
response to a valid order by a court or other governmental body, as otherwise
required by law, or as necessary to establish the rights of either party under
this Agreement (provided that the party so disclosing has provided the other
party with a reasonable opportunity to seek protective legal treatment for such
Confidential Information).

     5. "Residual Information" shall mean any Confidential Information of the
disclosing party which may be retained in intangible form in the minds of those
individuals of the receiving party who have had proper access to such
Confidential Information. Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement, the
receiving party shall be free to use any Residual Information for any purpose
whatsoever, including, without limitation, the development of its own products,
provided that such party shall not be entitled to disclose Residual Information
to any third parties unless such disclosure is in the course of, or as part of,
any disclosure of its own products or their development.

     6. Each of the parties agrees that it shall treat all Confidential
Information of the other party with the same degree of care as it accords to its
own Confidential Information and each of the parties represents that it
exercises reasonable care to protect its own Confidential Information.

     7. Each of the parties agrees that it will not modify, reverse engineer,
decompile, create other works from, or disassemble any software programs
contained in the Confidential Information of the other party unless otherwise
specified in writing by the disclosing party.


<PAGE>

     8. All materials (including, without limitation, documents, drawings,
models, apparatus, sketches, designs and lists) furnished to one party by the
other, and which are designated in writing to be the property of such party,
shall remain the property of such party and shall be returned to it promptly at
its request, together with any copies thereof.

     9. This Agreement shall govern all communications between the parties that
are made during the period from the effective date of this Agreement to the date
on which either party receives from the other written notice that subsequent
communications shall not be so governed, provided, however that each party's
obligations under Sections 2 and 3 with respect to Confidential Information of
the other party which it has previously received shall continue unless and until
such Confidential Information falls within Sections 4 or 5.

     10. Neither party shall communicate any information to the other in
violation of the proprietary rights of any third party. Neither party acquires
any licenses under any intellectual property rights of the other party under
this Agreement. This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the laws of
the United States of America and by the laws of the State of California as such
laws are applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within
California between California residents. This Agreement may only be changed by
mutual agreement of authorized representatives of the parties in writing. All
notices or reports permitted or required under this Agreement shall be in
writing and shall be by personal delivery, telegram, telex, telecopier,
facsimile transmission or by certified or registered mail, return receipt
requested, and shall be deemed given upon personal delivery, five (5) days after
deposit in the mail, or upon acknowledgment of receipt of electronic
transmission. Notices shall be sent to the addresses set forth at the end of
this Agreement or such other address as either party may specify in writing.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement in duplicate
as of the date first written above.

<TABLE>

<S>                                                  <C>    

YAHOO! INC.                                          
                                                     --------------------------------------------

By:  /s/ Matt Rowlen                                 By:  /s/ M.  J. Fahey     
    -------------------------------------                 ---------------------------------------

Printed Name:  Matt Rowlen                           Printed Name:  M. J. Fahey
              ---------------------------                           -----------------------------

Title:   Manager of Business Development             Title:  President                           
         --------------------------------                    ------------------------------------

Address:  Yahoo!                                     Address:  Lexington, MA                     
         --------------------------------                      ----------------------------------

         --------------------------------                      ----------------------------------

         --------------------------------                      ----------------------------------



</TABLE>