
                                                                       EXHIBIT D


                                     FORM OF
                            CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT


                  THIS  CONFIDENTIALITY   AGREEMENT  (this  "Agreement"),   made
effective as of the ____________  day of _________,  199 , by and between Sprint
Spectrum L.P., a Delaware limited partnership ("Sprint Spectrum"), whose address
is 4717 Grand Avenue,  5th Floor,  Kansas City,  Missouri 64112, and , a , whose
address is , is to assure the protection and  preservation  of the  confidential
and/or  proprietary  nature of  information to be disclosed or made available to
each other pursuant to or in connection with the  transactions  contemplated by,
the Credit  Agreement dated as of October 2, 1996 (the "Credit  Agreement"),  by
and among Spring Spectrum,  the lenders named therein and Northern Telecom Inc.,
as agent.

                  NOW,  THEREFORE,  in reliance upon and in consideration of the
following  undertakings,  the parties,  for themselves,  or for any corporation,
partnership,  association,  joint  stock  company,  limited  liability  company,
limited  liability  partnership,  or trust  directly or indirectly  controlling,
controlled  by or under common  control of such party,  or a more than 50% owned
subsidiary of such party (its "Affiliates"), agree as follows:



<PAGE>


                  1. Scope.  For purposes of this  Agreement,  the  "Proprietary
Information" of a party disclosing  information (the "Discloser")  means any and
all information,  including,  without limitation, all oral, written,  graphical,
and electronic information disclosed to the party receiving the information (the
"Recipient")  pursuant to, or in connection with the  transactions  contemplated
by, the Credit  Agreement,  whether  delivered to the Recipient  directly by the
Discloser or indirectly through an agent of the Discloser or Recipient.

                  2. Limitation.  The term  "Proprietary  Information"  does not
include  information which: (a) has been or may in the future be published or is
now or may in the future be otherwise in the public  domain  through no fault of
the  Recipient;  (b) prior to disclosure  pursuant to this Agreement is properly
within the legitimate possession of the Recipient;  (c) subsequent to disclosure
pursuant to this  Agreement,  is  lawfully  received  from a third party  having
rights in the  information  without  restriction  of the third  party's right to
disseminate the  information  and without notice of any restriction  against its
further  disclosure;  (d) is  independently  developed by the Recipient  through
parties who have not had, either directly or indirectly,  access to or knowledge
of such Proprietary Information; (e) is approved for disclosure by prior written
permission  of an authorized  signatory of Discloser;  or (f) is obligated to be
produced by law or under  order of a court of  competent  jurisdiction  or other
similar requirement of a governmental agency, or is required to be disclosed to,
or is requested by, the Recipient's  outside auditors or examiners in connection
with an audit or  examination  or so long as the party  required to disclose the
information  provides the other party with prior written  notice of any required
disclosure pursuant to such law, order or requirement.

                  3. Use. Each party agrees to use the  Proprietary  Information
received  from  the  other  party  only  for the  purpose  of the  servicing  or
protection  of its interests in respect of the Loans,  the Credit  Agreement and
the Loan Documents (each as defined in the Credit  Agreement).  No other rights,
and particularly licenses, trademarks,  inventions,  copyrights, patents, or any
other  intellectual  property  rights are  implied  or granted  under the Credit
Agreement or this  Agreement  or by the  conveying  of  Proprietary  Information
between the parties.  Each party agrees that the other may disclose  Proprietary
Information received by it to its Affiliates,  employees not permitted under the
Credit Agreement and agents, subject to the terms of this Agreement.

                  4.  Reproduction.  Proprietary Information supplied is not to 
be reproduced in any form except as required to accomplish the intent of this
Agreement.

                  5. Duty of Care. All Proprietary  Information must be retained
by the  Recipient  in  accordance  with its  customary  procedures  for handling
confidential  information of this nature and disclosed  only to the  Recipient's
Affiliates  or  employees  (or ,  attorneys,  accountants  and agents who have a
non-disclosure obligation at least as restrictive as this Agreement) who need to
know such  information  for  purposes  of the  servicing  or  protection  of its
interest in respect of the Loans,  the Credit  Agreement and the Loan  Documents
(each as defined under the Credit  Agreement) and the transactions  contemplated
thereby and to such third  parties as the  Discloser  has  consented to by prior
written approval. In addition, the Recipient must provide the same care to avoid
disclosure not permitted under the Credit  Agreement or unauthorized  use of the
Proprietary  Information  as it provides to protect its own similar  proprietary
information.

                  6. Ownership.  All Proprietary  Information,  unless otherwise
specified in writing, (a) remains the property of the Discloser, and (b) must be
used by the Recipient only for the purpose stated  herein.  Upon  termination of
this  Agreement,  all copies of written,  recorded,  graphical or other tangible
Proprietary  Information must either be returned to the Discloser,  or destroyed
(i) after the  Recipient's  need for it has  expired or (ii) upon the request of
the  Discloser.  At the request of the  Discloser,  the Recipient will furnish a
certificate  of an  officer of the  Recipient  certifying  that any  Proprietary
Information not returned to Discloser has been destroyed.

                  7.  Right to  Disclose.  Each party  warrants  that it has the
right to disclose  all  Proprietary  Information  which it will  disclose to the
other party pursuant to this  Agreement,  and each party agrees to indemnify and
hold harmless the other from all claims by a third party related to the wrongful
disclosure of such third party's information. Otherwise, neither party makes any
representation or warranty,  express or implied, with respect to any Proprietary
Information. Neither party is liable for indirect, incidental, consequential, or
punitive  damages of any nature or kind  resulting from or arising in connection
with this Agreement.

                  8. Right to Enjoin Disclosure.  The parties acknowledge that a
Recipient's unauthorized disclosure or use of Proprietary Information may result
in  irreparable  harm.  Therefore,  the  parties  agree  that,  in the  event of
violation or threatened violation of this Agreement,  without limiting any other
rights and  remedies of each  other,  a temporary  restraining  order  and/or an
injunction to enjoin disclosure of Proprietary Information may be sought against
the party who has breached or threatened to breach this  Agreement and the party
who has  breached  or  threatened  to breach this  Agreement  will not raise the
defense of an adequate remedy at law.

                  9.  Disclosure to Third Parties.  All media releases and pubic
announcements  or disclosures by either party  relating to this  Agreement,  its
subject matter or the purpose of this  Agreement are to be coordinated  with and
consented to by the other party in writing prior to the release or announcement.

                  10. No  Partnership or Joint Venture  Formed.  The exchange of
any  Proprietary   Information  between  the  parties  is  not  intended  to  be
interpreted  that the  parties  have  formed or will form a  partnership,  joint
venture or other relationship. Any business relationship between the parties, if
any, must be governed by separate agreement.

                  11.  General.  (a) This  Agreement is governed  and  construed
under  the laws of the  State  of  Missouri  and  there  are no  understandings,
agreements or  representations,  express or implied,  not specified herein.  (b)
Except for subsection 9.13 of the Credit  Agreement,  this Agreement  represents
the entire understanding between the parties with respect to the confidentiality
and  disclosure  of  Proprietary  Information,  and the terms of this  Agreement
supersede the terms of any prior agreements or  understandings,  written or oral
with respect thereto.  (c) This Agreement may not be amended except in a writing
signed by the parties. (d) The provisions of this Agreement are to be considered
as  severable,  and in the event  that any  provision  is held to be  invalid or
unenforceable,  the parties intend that the remaining  provisions will remain in
full force and effect.  (e) Captions in this Agreement are for ease of reference
only and should not be considered in the  construction  of this  Agreement.  (f)
There are no third party beneficiaries to this Agreement. (g) Failure by a party
to  enforce  or  exercise  any  provision,  right or  option  contained  in this
Agreement will not be construed as a present or future waiver of such provision,
right or option.

                  IN WITNESS  THEREOF,  the parties have executed this Agreement
as of the effective date stated above.



SPRINT SPECTRUM L.P.                              ______________________________



By:                                               By:
Name:                                             Name:
Title:                                            Title:


<PAGE>