
 
                                                      i/c/w Contract No. G12463P

                           NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
                           ------------------------

This agreement, made and entered into this 15th day of April, 1996, by and 
between Assessment Systems, Inc., a corporation having an office at 780 Third 
Avenue, New York, N.Y. 10017 (hereinafter referred to as "CONSULTANT")  and 
Telesector Resources Group, Inc, ("NYNEX"), a corporation duly organized and 
existing under the laws of the State of Delaware and having an office at 240 
East 38th Street, New York, New York 10016. NYNEX shall remain and include
Telesector Resources Group, Inc., its holding and parent companies, and its or
their affiliates and subsidiaries.

WITNESSETH THAT:

WHEREAS, in order for CONSULTANT to provide consultant services to NYNEX it may
be necessary or desirable for NYNEX to disclose to CONSULTANT certain 
confidential and proprietary material, information, data, and other 
communications concerning NYNEX's past, current, future and proposed or 
potential customers, products, services, operations, business forecasts, 
procurement requirements, plans strategies and technology; and

WHEREAS, CONSULTANT and NYNEX wish to define the agreed upon terms and 
conditions governing the confidentially of material, information and data 
furnished and to be furnished by NYNEX to CONSULTANT in connection with its 
present and future business plans. 

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto, in consideration of the mutual covenants and
undertakings expressed herein, agree with each other as follows:

1.   For the purposes of this Non-Disclosure Agreement, the term "Confidential
Information" shall mean material, information, data and other communications 
(a) disclosed by NYNEX and/or one or more of its parent, subsidiary or 
affiliated corporations, appropriately marked as "Confidential," "Proprietary" 
or the like or otherwise disclosed in a manner consistent with its proprietary 
and confidential nature; or (b) produced during the course of the working 
relationship between NYNEX and CONSULTANT, which would either give NYNEX' 
competitors an advantage or diminish or eliminate NYNEX' advantage over its 
competitors.

2.   ALL NYNEX Confidential Information:

     (a)  is hereby acknowledged by CONSULTANT to be of a proprietary nature to,
and to constitute secrets of NYNEX;

     (b)  shall not be copied, used, distributed, disclosed, disseminated or
communicated in any way or form by CONSULTANT whether or not for its own 
benefit, to anyone outside or within its own organization, except on a 
"need-to-know" basis to the extent necessary for: (i) negotiations, discussions 
and consultations with personnel or authorized representatives of NYNEX; (ii)
supplying NYNEX with products or services at its order; (iii) preparing bids,
estimates and proposals for submission to NYNEX; and (iv) any other purpose
which NYNEX may authorize in writing;

     (c)  shall not be used by CONSULTANT for any purposes other than those set 
forth herein, without the experts prior written permission of NYNEX;

     (d)  shall be held by CONSULTANT in the strictest confidence, and shall be 
treated by it with the same degree of care to avoid disclosure to any third
party as is used with respect to CONSULTANT'S own information of like
importance, or, a minimum, shall be treated with a reasonable degree of care to
avoid any such disclosure. CONSULTANT shall be liable for the disclosure of
Confidential Information of

<PAGE>
 
NYNEX if such care is not used. The burden shall be upon CONSULTANT to show that
such care, in fact, was used; and 

     (e)  Confidential Information is hereby acknowledged by CONSULTANT to be 
the sole property of NYNEX and shall be returned to NYNEX (including, without 
limitation, all materials, documents, drawings, models, apparatus, sketches, 
designs, specifications and lists, encompassing or evidencing same or related 
thereto, and all copies/formats thereof), within seven (7) days after receipt by
CONSULTANT of a written request from NYNEX setting forth the Confidential 
Information to be returned. Upon receipt of such request, CONSULTANT also shall 
erase or destroy any such Confidential Information in any computer memory or 
data storage apparatus.

3.   The obligations set forth in Paragraph 2 hereof shall not apply, or shall 
terminate, with respect to any particular portion of NYNEX Confidential 
Information which:

     (a)  was in CONSULTANT's possession, free of any obligation of confidence, 
prior to receipt from NYNEX, as proven by CONSULTANT's written records; 
provided, however, that CONSULTANT immediately informs NYNEX, in writing, to 
establish its prior possession;

     (b)  is already in the public domain at the time NYNEX communicates it to 
CONSULTANT, or becomes available to the public through no breach of this 
Non-Disclosure Agreement by CONSULTANT;

     (c)  is received independently from a third party free to disclose such 
information to CONSULTANT;

     (d)  is developed by CONSULTANT, independently of and without reference to 
any Confidential Information of NYNEX or any other information that NYNEX has 
disclosed in confidence to any third party, as proven by CONSULTANT's written 
records;

     (e)  is disclosed by CONSULTANT to a third party, with the express prior 
written permission of NYNEX;

     (f)  is disclosed by CONSULTANT in order to satisfy any legal requirement 
of any competent government body; provided, however, that immediately upon 
CONSULTANT's receipt of any such request, CONSULTANT shall first advise NYNEX of
same before making any disclosure to such body, so that NYNEX may either 
interpose an objection to such disclosure before such body, or take action to 
assure confidential handling of the Confidential Information by such body, or 
take other action to protect the Confidential Information which NYNEX deems 
appropriate under the circumstances; or 

     (g)  in any event, five (5) years after the date of execution of this 
Non-Disclosure Agreement.

4.   Nothing contained in this Non-Disclosure shall be construed as obligating 
NYNEX to disclose any particular information to CONSULTANT.

5.   Nothing contained in this Non-Disclosure Agreement shall be construed as 
granting to or conferring on CONSULTANT, expressly or impliedly, any rights, by 
license or otherwise, to the Confidential Information of NYNEX or any other 
material, information or data, or any invention, discovery, improvement or 
product conceived, made or acquired prior to, on or after the date of this 
Non-Disclosure Agreement.

6.   CONSULTANT warrants and represents that CONSULTANT has bound its employees,
agents and subcontractors to the terms and conditions of this Agreement or that 
each and every employee, agent or subcontractor has personally executed a 
Non-Disclosure Agreement containing terms and conditions no less stringent than 
the terms and conditions contained herein; and furthermore CONSULTANT hereby
<PAGE>
 
agrees to indemnify, hold harmless and defend NYNEX from and against any loss, 
cost, damage, expense or claim arising out of any breach of this provision or 
the failure of CONSULTANT or its employees, agents or subcontractors to protect 
such Confidential Information.

7.   This Non-Disclosure Agreement shall become effective upon the day and year 
first written, and shall remain in effect until terminated in writing by either 
party. Notwithstanding any such termination, the rights and obligations with 
respect to the disclosure of Confidential Information set forth herein shall 
survive the termination of this Non-Disclosure Agreement.

8.   CONSULTANT further agrees that it shall not, without the prior written
consent of NYNEX, make any news release, public announcement, or denial or
confirmation of all or any part of the discussions or negotiations, or in any
manner advertise or publish the fact that the parties have entered into
discussions or negotiations with each other, or disclose any details connected
with such discussions or negotiations to any third party, including any
disclosure with respect to this Non-Disclosure Agreement, the negotiations
culminating herein, or any phase of any program hereunder.

9.   No term or provision of this Non-Disclosure Agreement shall be deemed 
waived, and no breach excused, unless such waiver or consent shall be in writing
and signed by the party claimed to have waived or consented. Any consent by any 
party to, or waiver of, a breach by the other, whether express or implied, shall
not constitute a consent to waiver of, or be cause for, any other, different or 
subsequent breach.

10.  The construction, interpretation and performance of this Agreement and all 
transactions under it shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York.



   ASSESSMENT SYSTEMS, INC.                              NYNEX


By: /s/ Eli Salig                                 By: /s/ Harold Bell
   ----------------------------                      ---------------------------
Name: ELI SALIG                                   Name:  HAROLD BELL
     --------------------------                        -------------------------
        print                                                print

Title:  EVP                                       Title:  DIRECTOR
      -------------------------                         ------------------------
Date: 10 MAY 1996                                 Date:  5/14/96
     --------------------------                        -------------------------

<PAGE>
 

                                                                           NYNEX

                                                         CONTRACT NO. G12463P
                                                         AMENDMENT NO. 01

                                        ACCEPTANCE SHALL BE INDICATED BY
                                        (1) SIGNING AND (2) RETURNING DUPLICATE
                                            -------         -------------------


Assessment Systems, Inc.                     Telesector Resources Group, Inc
780 Third Avenue, 22nd floor                 (A NYNEX Company)
New York, N.Y. 10017                         240 East 38th Street, 15th floor
Attn: Mr. Bernard Reynolds                   New York, N.Y. 10016
                                             Attn: Mr. Sean Mahoney - SPL


SERVICE:  Testing, assessment and interview process of additional field 
personnel.

Telesector Resources Group, Inc., (herein after referred to as NYNEX) Agreement 
with you No. G12463P is amended as follows:

Effective July 9th, 1996, Exhibit A--Statement of Work, will be expanded to 
provide services for additional NYNEX field personnel, and Exhibit 
B--Compensation, will be modified to provide for compensation for the additional
service. Exhibits A and B are attached and are made part of the Agreement.

All other Terms and Conditions of the Agreement are reaffirmed and remain in
effect to the extent that they do not conflict with this Agreement.

(1) Sign Here and (2) Return To Address Above:
    -----------------------------------------


                                                TELESECTOR RESOURCES GROUP, INC.
          ASSESSMENT SYSTEMS, INC.              (A NYNEX COMPANY)

By /s/ Eli Salig                                By /s/ Harold Bell
   ----------------------------------             -----------------------------
Title EXEC. V.P                                 Title Dir Strategic Servicing
     --------------------------------                ---------------------------
Name  ELI SALIG                                 Name  HAROLD BELL
     --------------------------------               ----------------------------
      (print)                                          (print)

Accepted: Date 24 July 1996
               ------------
