
                             Confidential Draft


                                 ADDENDUM A
                  MUTUAL NONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENT (page 2.)

B.  GENERAL

1.  Either party may terminate this MNDA without cause upon five (5) days
    written notice given to the other, provided that confidentiality obligations
    under Section A of this Attachment A shall survive termination hereof.

2.  No rights or obligations other than expressly recited herein are to be
    implied here from. Nothing except that expressly stated herein shall
    affect either party's present or prospective rights under any country's
    patent laws, or be construed as granting any license under any present or
    future patent or application therefor, or preclude marketing any product
    unless such marketing constitutes unauthorized disclosure of INFORMATION.

3.  This MNDA shall be construed, interpreted and applied in accordance with the
    laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

4.  Consistent with other provisions herein, each party assures that it will
    not knowingly, without obtaining prior authorization from the U.S. Dept.
    of Commerce Office of Export Administration, transmit directly or
    indirectly the technical data received pursuant hereto or the immediate
    product (including processes and services) produced directly by use of
    such technical data to Afghanistan, People's Republic of China, or any
    other Country Group Q, S, W, T, or Z country specified in Supplement No. I
    to Part 370 of U.S. Dept. of Commerce Export Administration Regulations.

5.  This document and appendices contain the entire agreement between the
    Parties and supersede any previous oral or written understandings,
    commitments or agreements pertaining to the subject matter hereof. This
    MNDA shall not be modified or changed in any manner except in a writing
    signed by both parties. If a court of competent jurisdiction finds any of
    the provisions hereto so over-broad as to be unenforceable, such
    provisions may be reduced in scope by the court to the extent it deems
    necessary to render the provision reasonable and enforceable.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this MDNA to be executed as of this
9th day of December __, 1996.

DIGITAL EQUIPMENT CORPORATION                TERAYON Corporation

-----------------------------                -----------------------------
Signed                                       Signed

-----------------------------                Jacob Tanz
Typed Name                                   Typed Name

-----------------------------                Vice President, Marketing
Title                                        Title