<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.16


                            NON-DISCLOSURE, ASSIGNMENT OF
                       INVENTIONS AND NON-COMPETITION AGREEMENT

Employee Name:  Kevin Bennis

Date: February 2, 1998

     WHEREAS, certain investors have agreed to provide financing (the
"Financing") to Pathnet, Inc. (the "Company") subject to the terms of that
certain Investment and Stockholders' Agreement, dated October 31, 1997 (the
"Investment and Stockholders' Agreement"), by and among the Company, David
Schaeffer and the investors identified therein (the "Investors");

     WHEREAS, such Financing will significantly benefit the Company and
indirectly benefit the above-named Employee, as a stockholder of the Company;
and

     WHEREAS, this Non-Disclosure, Assignment of Inventions and Non-Competition
Agreement (this "Agreement") is a condition to the Investment and Stockholders'
Agreement.

     NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants
and agreements hereinafter set forth, the parties hereto agree as follows:

     1.   NON-DISCLOSURE OBLIGATION.  I understand and agree that my employment
creates a relationship of confidence and trust between me and the Company with
respect to (a) all proprietary and confidential information of the Company, and
(b) the confidential information of others with which the Company has a business
relationship.  The information referred to in clauses (a) and (b) of the
preceding sentence is referred to in this Agreement, collectively, as
"Confidential Information."  I will not at any time, whether during or after the
termination of employment, for any reason whatsoever (other than to promote and
advance the business of the Company), reveal to any person or entity (both
commercial and non-commercial) or use for any purpose other than the furtherance
of the Company's business interests any of the trade secrets or Confidential
Information, including, but not limited to, the Company's research and
development activities, marketing plans and strategies, pricing and costing
policies, customer and supplier lists, and business or financial information of
the Company so far as they have come or may come to my knowledge, except as may
be required in the ordinary course of performing my duties as an employee of the
Company.  This restriction shall not apply to: (i) information that may be
disclosed generally or is in the public domain through no fault of mine; (ii)
information received from a third party outside the Company that was disclosed
without a breach of any confidentiality obligation; or (iii) information that
may be required by law or an order of any court, agency or proceeding to be
disclosed, provided that such disclosure is subject to all applicable
governmental or judicial protection available for like material, and I agree to
provide the Company with prior notice of any such disclosure.  I shall keep
secret all matters of such nature entrusted to me and shall not use or disclose
any such information in any manner.


                                          1
<PAGE>

     2.   ASSIGNMENT OF INVENTIONS.  I expressly understand and agree that any
and all right or interest I have or obtain in any designs, trade secrets,
technical specifications, technical data, know-how and show-how, internal
reports and memoranda, marketing plans, inventions, concepts, ideas,
expressions, discoveries, improvements, copyrights, and patent or patent rights
conceived, devised, developed, reduced to practice, or which I otherwise have or
obtain during the term of this Agreement which relates to the business of the
Company or arise out of my employment with the Company are expressly regarded as
"works for hire" (the "Inventions").

     I hereby assign to the Company the sole and exclusive right to such
Inventions.  I agree that I will promptly disclose to the Company any and all
such Inventions, and that, upon request of the Company, I will execute and
deliver any and all documents or instruments and take any other action which the
Company shall deem necessary to assign to and vest completely in the Company, to
perfect trademark, copyright and patent protection with respect to, or to
otherwise protect the Company's trade secrets and proprietary interest in such
Inventions.  The obligations of this Section shall continue beyond the
termination of my employment with respect to such Inventions conceived of or
made by me during the term of this Agreement.  The Company agrees to pay any and
all copyright, trademark and patent fees and expenses or other costs incurred by
me for any assistance rendered to the Company pursuant to this Section.

     My obligation to assign Inventions shall not apply to any invention about
which I can prove that: (i) it was developed entirely on my own time and effort;
(ii) no equipment, supplies, facilities, trade secrets or confidential
information of the Company was used in its development; (iii) it does not relate
to the business of the Company or to the Company's actual or anticipated
research and development, and (iv) it does not result from any work performed by
me for the Company.

     3.   DOCUMENTS, RECORDS, ETC.  All documents, records, apparatus, equipment
and other physical property, whether or not pertaining to Confidential
Information, which are furnished to me by the Company or are produced by me in
connection with my employment will be and remain the sole property of the
Company.  I will return to the Company all such materials and property as and
when requested by the Company.  In any event, I will return all such materials
and property immediately upon termination of my employment for any reason.  I
will not take with me any such material or property or any copies thereof upon
such termination.

     4.   NON-COMPETITION COVENANT.  While I am employed by the Company and for
a period of two (2) years after the termination or cessation of such employment
for any reason, I shall not, without the Company's prior written consent,
directly or indirectly, alone or as a partner, joint venturer, officer,
director, employee, consultant, agent, independent contractor or stockholder of
any company or business, engage in any business activity which is or may
reasonably be construed to be competitive with the "PathNet Business."  For
purposes of this Agreement, the "PathNet Business" shall mean the business of
installing, constructing, aggregating and linking digital capacity and marketing
and selling the bulk


                                          2
<PAGE>

telecommunications capacity and services created by such systems.  My ownership
of not more than one(1%) percent of the shares of any class of stock of any
corporation which is actively traded on a national securities exchange or on
NASDAQ shall not be deemed, in and of itself, to violate the prohibitions of
this paragraph.  I understand that the restrictions set forth in this Section
are intended to protect the Company's valid business interests and agree that
such restrictions are reasonable and appropriate for this purpose.

     5.   NON-SOLICITATION.  During my employment with the Company and for a
period two (2)  years thereafter, I will not encourage any employee of the
Company to terminate their employment with the Company, nor solicit nor hire any
employee of the Company for employment by any corporation or any other
commercial enterprise other than the Company, unless first approached in writing
by the Company employee.  I understand that the restrictions set forth in this
Section are intended to protect the Company's valid business interests and agree
that such restrictions are reasonable and appropriate for this purpose.

     6.   RESTRICTIONS ON CORPORATE OPPORTUNITIES.  During my employment with
the Company and for a period of two (2) years thereafter, I will not pursue,
engage in or have an interest in other business ventures or opportunities which
are or may reasonably be construed to be competitive with the "PathNet
Business."  In addition, I will be obligated to present any telecommunications
business or investment opportunity arising out of the Company's operations to
the Company, and the Company shall have the exclusive right to pursue such
business or investment opportunity.

     7.   ABSENCE OF CONFLICTING AGREEMENTS.  I understand the Company does not
desire to acquire from me any trade secrets, know-how or confidential business
information that I may have acquired from others.  I represent that I am not
bound by any agreement or any other existing or previous business relationship
which conflicts with or prevents the full performance of my duties and
obligations to the Company under this Agreement or otherwise during the course
of my employment.

     8.   NO EMPLOYMENT OBLIGATION.  Other than the provisions of Section 9
hereof, I understand that this Agreement does not create an obligation on the
part of the Company to continue my employment with the Company.  I am employed
as an employee "at will".

     9.   SEVERANCE.  If I am terminated for any reason, in consideration for
the Non-competition covenant and the other covenants and agreements set forth in
the Agreement, I will receive a salary of $275,000 per annum for one year after
such termination payable in bi-weekly installments in accordance with the
Company's payroll procedures.

     10.  REMEDIES UPON BREACH.  I agree that it would be difficult to measure
any damages caused to the Company which might result from any breach by me of
the promises set forth in this Agreement, and that, in any event, money damages
would be an inadequate remedy for any such breach.  Accordingly, I agree that if
I breach or propose to breach any portion of this Agreement, the Company shall
be entitled, in addition to all other remedies


                                          3
<PAGE>

that it may have, to an injunction or other appropriate equitable relief to
restrain any such breach without showing or proving any actual damage to the
Company.

     11.  BINDING EFFECT.  This Agreement will be binding upon me and my heirs,
executors, administrators and legal representatives and will inure to the
benefit of the Company, any subsidiary of the Company, and its and their
respective successors and assigns.  My obligations under this Agreement shall
survive the termination of my relationship with the Company regardless of the
manner of such termination.

     12.  ENFORCEABILITY.  If any portion or provision of this Agreement is to
any extent declared illegal or unenforceable by a court of competent
jurisdiction, then the remainder of this Agreement, or the application of such
portion or provision in circumstances other than those as to which it is so
declared illegal or unenforceable will not be affected thereby, and each portion
and provision of this Agreement shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest
extent permitted by law.  In the event that any provision of this Agreement is
determined by any court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable by reason
of excessive scope as to geographic, temporal or functional coverage, such
provision will be deemed to extend only over the maximum geographic, temporal
and functional scope as to which it may be enforceable.

     13.  ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement
between the Company and myself with respect to the subject matter hereof, and
supersedes all prior representations and agreements with respect to such subject
matter.  This Agreement may not be amended, modified or waived except by a
written instrument duly executed by the person against whom enforcement of such
amendment, modification or waiver is sought.  The failure of any party to
require the performance of any term or obligation of this Agreement or the
waiver by any party of any breach of this Agreement in any particular case will
not prevent any subsequent enforcement of such term or obligation or to be
deemed a waiver of any separate or subsequent breach.

     14.  THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES.  This Agreement is being entered into at
the request of the Investors and such Investors are intended to be third-party
beneficiaries hereunder with full power to enforce the terms hereof.

     15.  NOTICES.  Any notices, requests, demands and other communications
provided for by this Agreement will be sufficient if in writing and delivered in
person, or sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, to me at the
last address which I have filed in writing with the Company or, in the case of
any notice to the Company, at its main offices to the attention of its Chief
Executive Officer.

     16.  GOVERNING LAW.  This Agreement shall be construed under and be
governed in all respects by the laws of the District of Columbia.



                                          4
<PAGE>

I UNDERSTAND THAT THIS AGREEMENT AFFECTS IMPORTANT RIGHTS.  I HAVE READ IT
CAREFULLY AND AM SATISFIED THAT I UNDERSTAND IT COMPLETELY.


                              /s/ Kevin Bennis
                              ---------------------------
                              Kevin Bennis

Accepted and Agreed to by
PATHNET, INC.


By: /s/ Richard A. Jalkut
   ------------------------
Name: 
Title:









                                          5-