<PAGE>
 
                                                                  EXHIBIT (d)(2)

                         MUTUAL NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
                         -------------------------------

     THIS AGREEMENT is made effective as of February 9, 2001 (the "Effective
     Date") by and between Proxicom, Inc. ("Proxicom"), with offices at 11600
     Sunrise Valley Drive, Reston, Virginia 20191, USA and Dimension Data
     ("Dimension"), with its headquarters in Johannesburg, South Africa (each
     individually a "Party" and collectively the "Parties").

                                   WITNESSETH:

     WHEREAS, in connection with exploring and evaluating a possible business
     transaction (the "Transaction") and for the purposes of the ongoing
     Transaction, the Parties recognize the need to disclose to one another
     certain of their Confidential Information (as defined below); and

     WHEREAS, the Parties wish to stipulate the terms and conditions upon which
     such Confidential Information will be disclosed by one Party to the other
     Party hereunder;

     NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows:

1.   "Confidential Information" means information in whatever form disclosed by
     or on behalf of one Party (the "Disclosing Party") to the other Party (the
     "Receiving Party") before, on or after the Effective Date hereof which
     relates to a Disclosing Party's business or the Transaction including
     without limitation: business, financial, human resources, and technical
     materials, information and data, or information which although not directly
     related to the Transaction, is nevertheless disclosed as a result of or in
     connection with the Parties' discussions of the Transaction together with
     analyses or other documents prepared by the Receiving Party or any of the
     Receiving Party's affiliates, employees, representatives and/or consultants
     that contain or otherwise reflect such Confidential Information.

2.   The Receiving Party shall use the Disclosing Party's Confidential
     Information only for the purpose of evaluating the Transaction and for the
     purposes of the ongoing Transaction, and shall protect such Confidential
     Information from disclosure to third parties, using the same degree of care
     used to protect its own proprietary information of like importance, but in
     any case using no less than a reasonable degree of care. The Receiving
     Party may disclose the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information to its
     affiliates, its employees, its representatives and its consultants, in each
     case if such affiliates, employees, representatives and consultants have a
     need to know, and providing such affiliates, employees, representatives and
     consultants (i) use the Confidential Information for the purposes of the
     Transaction only, and (ii) are bound to protect the Confidential
     Information to the same extent as the Receiving Party is bound. The Parties
     shall each be responsible for any breach of the terms of this Agreement by
     them or their respective affiliates, employees, representatives and/or
     consultants and hereby agree, at their sole expense, to take all reasonable
     measures (including but not limited to court proceedings) to restrain their
     respective affiliates, employees, representatives and/or consultants from
     prohibited or unauthorized disclosure or use of the Confidential
     Information. The term "affiliate" means any person or entity controlling,
     controlled by or under common control with a Party.

3.   The restrictions of this Agreement on use and disclosure of Confidential
     Information shall not apply to information that:

     (a)  the Receiving Party can demonstrate is in the lawful possession or
     control of such Party on a non-confidential basis at the time of its
     disclosure hereunder; provided the source of such information was free to
     disclose it to the Receiving Party without obligation (whether contractual,
     legal, fiduciary or otherwise) to the Disclosing Party;

     (b)  is or becomes publicly known other than through disclosure by the
     Receiving Party or the Receiving Party's affiliates, employees,
     representations and/or consultants;

     (c)  the Receiving Party obtained from a third party not known by the
     Receiving Party to be subject to any obligation (whether contractual,
     legal, fiduciary or otherwise) to the Disclosing Party prohibiting such
     disclosure;

     (d)  the Receiving Party can demonstrate was developed independently by
     such Party without reference to the Confidential Information; or
<PAGE>
 
     (e)  is lawfully required to be disclosed to any governmental agency or is
     otherwise required to be disclosed by law; provided, however, that before
                                                --------  -------
     making such disclosure, the Party planning to make such disclosure shall,
     to the extent permitted by applicable law (i) give the other Party a
     reasonable opportunity to interpose an objection and/or take action to seek
     confidential handling of such information and (ii) reasonably cooperate
     with the other Party, at the other Party's expense, to seek confidential
     handling of such information.

4.   Each Party agrees that, for a period of one (1) year from the Effective
     Date hereof, neither it nor any of its affiliates will solicit for
     employment, directly or indirectly, any member of the other Party's senior
     management with whom it first had contact, or who was specifically
     identified to it, during the period of its evaluation of the Transaction;
     provided, however, that this paragraph will not prevent either Party from
     --------  -------
     employing any person who contacts such Party on his or her own initiative
     without any direct or indirect solicitation by or encouragement from such
     Party. For purposes of this paragraph, "solicit for employment" shall not
     be deemed to include any general solicitations of employment by one Party
     not specifically directed towards employees of the other Party. Nothing
     herein shall prevent either Party from, directly or indirectly, soliciting
     for employment or hiring any member of the other Party's senior management
     whose employment with such other Party has been terminated.

5.   Confidential Information disclosed under this Agreement (including
     information in computer software or held in electronic storage media) shall
     be and shall remain the property of the Disclosing Party. The Receiving
     Party, upon the written request of the Disclosing Party at any time, shall
     promptly return or destroy all such tangible Confidential Information of
     the Disclosing Party in its possession, and the Receiving Party shall
     thereafter retain no such Confidential Information in any form. The
     Receiving Party shall be fully responsible for the return or destruction of
     all Confidential Information disclosed to its affiliates, its employees, it
     representatives and/or its consultants.

6.   Without the prior written consent of the other Party, a Party will not
     disclose (other than as anticipated elsewhere in this Agreement) to any
     third party any information (including Confidential Information) regarding
     the Transaction, including without limitation, the fact that discussions
     are occurring concerning the Transaction, any of the terms or conditions
     relating to the Transaction being discussed by the Parties, or the
     existence of this Agreement.

7.   This Agreement shall become effective on the date first set forth above and
     shall continue for the longer of (i) one (1) year from the Effective Date
     or (ii) one (1) year after the termination of any definitive agreement
     entered into by the Parties with respect to the Transaction, except as
     otherwise explicitly stated herein.

8.   The Parties understand and agree that unless and until a definitive
     agreement between Proxicom and Dimension with respect to a possible
     Transaction is executed and delivered, neither Proxicom nor Dimension will
     be under any legal obligation of any kind with respect to the Transaction
     by virtue of this or any other written or oral expression, except for
     matters expressly agreed herein. Neither Party makes any representation or
     warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of any information disclosed
     hereunder.

9.   Dimension hereby acknowledges that Proxicom is disclosing its Confidential
     Information in consideration of Dimension's agreement not to propose to
     Proxicom or any other person or entity any transaction between Dimension
     and Proxicom and/or its security holders or involving any of Proxicom's
     securities or security holders unless Proxicom shall have requested in
     writing that Dimension make such a proposal, and that Dimension will not
     acquire, or assist, advise or encourage any other persons or entities in
     acquiring, directly or indirectly, control of Proxicom or any of Proxicom's
     securities, businesses or assets for a period of one (1) year from the date
     of this Agreement unless Proxicom shall have consented in advance in
     writing to such acquisition. Dimension also agrees that Proxicom shall be
     entitled to equitable relief, including injunction, in the event of any
     breach of the provisions of this paragraph and Dimension further agrees
     that it shall not oppose the granting of such relief. Notwithstanding the
     foregoing, Dimension shall not be subject to the restrictions provided in
     this paragraph 9 if (i) at any time, any person or entity other than
     Dimension announces an intention to acquire, directly or indirectly, any
     voting

                                       2
<PAGE>
 
     securities or assets of Proxicom or (ii) Proxicom publicly solicits offers
     for its acquisition or the acquisition of its business and/or assets in
     their entirety.

10.  To the extent that any Confidential Information may include materials
     subject to the attorney-client privilege, work product doctrine or any
     other applicable privilege concerning pending or threatened legal
     proceedings or governmental investigations, the Parties understand and
     agree that they have a commonality of interest with respect to such matters
     and it is their respective desire, intention and mutual understanding that
     the sharing of such material is not intended to, and shall not, waive or
     diminish in any way the confidentiality of such material or its continued
     protection under the attorney-client privilege, work product doctrine or
     other applicable privilege. All Confidential Information that is entitled
     to protection under the attorney-client privilege, work product doctrine
     and other applicable privilege shall remain entitled to such protection
     under these privileges, this Agreement, and under the joint defense
     doctrine.

11.  Each Party acknowledges that it is aware (and that its affiliates,
     employees, representatives and consultants who are apprised of the possible
     Transaction have been advised) that the United States and other applicable
     securities laws prohibit any person who is aware of material, non-public
     information about a company obtained directly or indirectly from that
     company, from purchasing or selling securities of such company or from
     communicating such information to any other person under circumstances in
     which it is reasonably foreseeable that such person is likely to purchase
     or sell such securities.

12.  This Agreement: (a) is the complete Agreement of the Parties concerning the
     subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all prior Agreements,
     understandings or discussions with respect to the subject matter hereof;
     (b) shall not be construed to create any obligation on the part of either
     Party to complete the Transaction or to compensate the other Party in any
     manner, except as may be set forth by a separate written Agreement duly
     executed and delivered by the Parties; (c) may not be amended or in any
     manner modified except in a writing signed by the Parties; and (d) shall be
     governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States
     and, in particular, the State of New York except its rules as to choice of
     law. The Parties agree and hereby consent to the jurisdiction and venue of
     the state and federal courts for the Borough of Manhattan, New York, New
     York. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable, the
     remainder shall be enforced as fully as possible and the unenforceable
     provisions shall be deemed modified to the limited extent required to
     permit its enforcement in a manner most closely representing the intention
     of the Parties as expressed herein. Without prejudice to the rights and
     remedies otherwise available to the Parties, the Parties agree that money
     damages would not be a sufficient remedy for any breach of this Agreement
     by either Party or the affiliates, employees, representatives and/or
     consultants of either Party and, accordingly, that the Parties shall be
     entitled to equitable relief, including injunctive relief and/or specific
     performance, if either Party (including the affiliates, employees,
     representatives and/or consultants thereof) breaches or threatens to breach
     any of the provisions of this Agreement. This Agreement may be executed in
     counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, and all of
     which shall constitute the same Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the Parties hereto has caused the Agreement to be
executed by its duly authorized representative:

PROXICOM, INC.                                DIMENSION DATA

By: /s/  Kenneth J. Tarpey                            By: /s/  P.K. Quarmby
   ----------------------------------------              -----------------------

Print Name: Kenneth J. Tarpey                 Print Name: P.K. Quarmby       
            -----------------------------                 ----------------------

Title:  Executive Vice President & CFO        Title:  Director              
      -----------------------------------           ------------------------

Date:   2/9/2001                              Date:  12/2/2001          
      -----------------------------------          -----------------------------

                                       3