
                                    Exhibit O

                 MICROSOFT CORPORATION NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
                              (STANDARD RECIPROCAL)

          THIS AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is made between MICROSOFT
     CORPORATION, a Washington corporation, and Sylvan Learning Systems, Inc.
     ("COMPANY") and entered into this  16th  day of  February, 1998.
                                        ----          ---------   --

          In consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained in
     this Agreement, the mutual disclosure of confidential information to each
     other, the parties hereto agree as follows:

     1.   Confidential Information and Confidential Materials
          ---------------------------------------------------

          (a) "Confidential Information" means nonpublic information that
     Disclosing Party designates as being confidential or which, under the
     circumstances surrounding disclosure ought to be treated as confidential.
     "Confidential Information" includes, without limitation, information
     relating to released or unreleased Disclosing Party software or hardware
     products, the marketing or promotion of any Disclosing Party product,
     Disclosing Party's business policies or practices, and information received
     from others that Disclosing Party is obligated to treat as confidential.
     Confidential Information disclosed to Receiving Party by any Disclosing
     Party Subsidiary and/or agents is covered by this Agreement.

         (b) Confidential Information shall not include any information that:
     (i) is or subsequently becomes publicly available without Receiving Party's
     breach of any obligation owed Disclosing Party; (ii) became known to
     Receiving Party prior to Disclosing Party's disclosure of such information
     to Receiving Party; (iii) became known to Receiving Party from a source
     other than Disclosing Party other than by the breach of an obligation of
     confidentiality owed to Disclosing Party; or (iv) is independently
     developed by Receiving Party.

         (c) "Confidential Materials" shall mean all tangible materials
     containing Confidential Information, including without limitation written
     or printed documents and computer disks or tapes, whether machine or user
     readable.

     2.   Restrictions
          ------------

          (a) Receiving Party shall not disclose any Confidential Information to
     third parties for five (5) years following the date of its disclosure by
     Disclosing Party to Receiving Party, except to Receiving Party's
     consultants as provided below. However, Receiving Party may disclose
     Confidential Information in accordance with judicial or other governmental
     order, provided Receiving Party shall give Disclosing Party reasonable
     notice prior to such disclosure and shall comply with any applicable
     protective order or equivalent.

          (b) Receiving Party shall take reasonable security precautions, at
     least as great as the precautions it takes to protect its own confidential
     information, to keep confidential the Confidential Information. Receiving
     Party may disclose Confidential Information or Confidential Material only
     to Receiving Party's employees or consultants on a need-to-know basis.
     Receiving Party will have executed or shall execute appropriate written
     agreements with its employees and consultants sufficient to enable it to
     comply with all the provisions of this Agreement.

          (c) Confidential Information and Confidential Materials may be
     disclosed, reproduced, summarized or distributed only in pursuance of
     Receiving Party's business relationship with Disclosing Party, and only as
     otherwise provided hereunder. Receiving Party agrees to segregate all such
     Confidential Materials from the confidential materials of others in order
     to prevent commingling.

          (d) Receiving Party may not reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble
     any software disclosed to Receiving Party.

     3.    Rights and Remedies
           -------------------

          (a) Receiving Party shall notify Disclosing Party immediately upon
     discovery of any unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential
     Information and/or Confidential Materials, or any other breach of this
     Agreement by


<PAGE>


     Receiving Party, and will cooperate with Disclosing Party in every
     reasonable way to help Disclosing Party regain possession of the
     Confidential Information and/or Confidential Materials and prevent its
     further unauthorized use.

         (b) Receiving Party shall return all originals, copies, reproductions
     and summaries of Confidential Information or Confidential Materials at
     Disclosing Party's request, or at Disclosing Party's option, certify
     destruction of the same.

         (c) Receiving Party acknowledges that monetary damages may not be a
     sufficient remedy for unauthorized disclosure of Confidential Information
     and that Disclosing Party shall be entitled, without waiving any other
     rights or remedies, to such injunctive or equitable relief as may be
     deemed proper by a court of competent jurisdiction.

         (d) Disclosing Party may visit Receiving Party's premises, with
     reasonable prior notice and during normal business hours, to review
     Receiving Party's compliance with the terms of this Agreement.

     4.    Miscellaneous
           -------------

         (a) All Confidential Information and Confidential Materials are and
     shall remain the property of Disclosing Party. By disclosing information to
     Receiving Party, Disclosing Party does not grant any express or implied
     right to Receiving Party to or under Disclosing Party patents, copyrights,
     trademarks, or trade secret information.

         (b) If either party provides pre-release software as Confidential
     Information or Confidential Materials under this Agreement, such pre-
     release software is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind.
     Receiving Party agrees that neither Disclosing Party nor its suppliers
     shall be liable for any damages whatsoever relating to Receiving Party's
     use of such pre-release software.

         (c) Any software and documentation provided under this Agreement is
     provided with RESTRICTED RIGHTS. Use, duplication, or disclosure by the
     Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in subparagraph
     (c)(1)(ii) of The Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software clause at
     DFARS 252.227-7013 or subparagraphs (c)(1) and (2) of the Commercial
     Computer Software -- Restricted Rights at 48 CFR 52.227-19, as applicable.
     Manufacturer is Microsoft Corporation/One Microsoft Way/Redmond, WA
     98052-6399.

         (d) Both parties agree that they do not intend nor will they, directly
     or indirectly, export or re-export (i) any Confidential Information or
     Confidential Materials, or (ii) any product (or any part thereof), process
     or service that is the direct product of the Confidential Information or
     Materials to (A) any country that is subject to U.S. export restrictions
     (currently including, but not necessarily limited to, Iran, Iraq, Syria,
     Cuba, North Korea, Libya, and Sudan), or to any national of any such
     country, wherever located, who intends to transmit or transport the
     products back to such country; (B) to any end-user who either party knows
     or has reason to know will utilize them in the design, development or
     production of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons; or (C) to any
     end-user who has been prohibited from participating in U.S. export
     transactions by any federal agency of the U.S. government.

         (e) The terms of confidentiality under this Agreement shall not be
     construed to limit either party's right to independently develop or acquire
     products without use of the other party's Confidential Information.
     Further, either party shall be free to use for any purpose the residuals
     resulting from access to or work with such Confidential Information,
     provided that such party shall maintain the confidentiality of the
     Confidential Information as provided herein. The term "residuals" means
     information in non-tangible form, which may be retained by persons who
     have had access to the Confidential Information, including ideas, concepts,
     know-how or techniques contained therein. Neither party shall have any
     obligation to limit or restrict the assignment of such persons or to pay
     royalties for any work resulting from the use of residuals. However, the
     foregoing shall not be deemed to grant to either party a license under the
     other party's copyrights or patents.

         (f) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties
     with respect to the subject matter hereof. It shall not be modified except
     by a written agreement dated subsequent to the date of this Agreement and
     signed by both parties. None of the provisions of this Agreement shall be
     deemed to have been waived by any act or acquiescence on the part of
     Disclosing Party, its agents, or employees, but only by an instrument in
     writing signed by


<PAGE>


     an authorized officer of Disclosing Party. No waiver of any provision of
     this Agreement shall constitute a waiver of any other provision(s) or of
     the same provision on another occasion.

        (g) If either party employs attorneys to enforce any rights arising out
     of or relating to this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to
     recover reasonable attorneys' fees. This Agreement shall be construed and
     controlled by the laws of the State of Washington, and both parties further
     consent to jurisdiction by the state and federal courts sitting in the
     State of Washington. Process may be served on either party by U.S. Mail,
     postage prepaid, certified or registered, return receipt requested, or by
     such other method as is authorized by the Washington Long Arm Statute.

        (h) Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this
     Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties,
     their successors and assigns.

        (i) If any provision of this Agreement shall be held by a court of
     competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the
     remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect.

        (j) All obligations created by this Agreement shall survive change or
     termination of the parties' business relationship.

     5.    Suggestions and Feedback
           ------------------------

     Either party may from time to time provide suggestions, comments or other
     feedback to the other party with respect to Confidential Information
     provided originally by the other party (hereinafter "Feedback"). Both
     parties agree that all Feedback is and shall be entirely voluntary and
     shall not, absent separate agreement, create any confidentiality obligation
     for the Receiving Party. However, the Receiving Party shall not disclose
     the source of any feedback without the providing party's consent. Feedback
     shall be clearly designated as such and, except as otherwise provided
     herein, each party shall be free to disclose and use such Feedback as it
     sees fit, entirely without obligation of any kind to the other party. The
     foregoing shall not, however, affect either party's obligations hereunder
     with respect to Confidential Information of the other party.

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement.


     COMPANY: Sylvan Learning Systems,Inc.        MICROSOFT CORPORATION
             -----------------------------

     Address: 1000 Lancaster St.                By: /s/      *     
             --------------------------            ---------------------------
              Baltimore, MD 21202              Name:       *     
     ----------------------------------              -------------------------
     By:     Steve Hoffman                      Title:       *     
        -------------------------------               ------------------------
     Name:                                      Date:  8-27-98
          -----------------------------              -------------------------
     Title:                                     MS Contact:
           ----------------------------                    -------------------
     Date:        8/25/98
          -----------------------------

* Text omitted based upon request for confidential treatment.

     1/15/97 LE911420.028

