
                                  APPENDIX "A"

THIS MUTUAL NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT is made and entered into this the 7th day
of November 2001.

BETWEEN:        SMART CHIP TECHNOLOGIES, LLC
                a corporation incorporated under the laws of the United States 
                of America

AND:            CONSUMER ECONOMIC OPPORTUNITIES INC.
                a corporation incorporated under the Canada Business
                Corporations Act

WHEREAS, the Parties are desirous of exchanging information relating to
confidential and more specifically relating, but not limited, to technical data,
marketing, business information, and pricing, all for the purpose of exploring
future potential business relationships to the mutual benefit of both Parties
hereto.

It is anticipated that each of the undersigned Parties shall, from time to time,
disclose to the other Party certain technical or business information. With
respect to all such information, including any reports or other documents
resulting from such exchange of information between the Parties. Each of the
Parties agree to the following terms:

1.       "Confidential Information" means all information provided by either
         Party in writing or visual form which Party desires to protect from
         disclosure and which is marked with an appropriate stamp or legend
         designating such material as "Confidential"; and all information
         provided orally by a Party which that Party desires to protect from
         disclosure provided that such information is identified as Confidential
         at the time it is transmitted and is subsequently confirmed as such in
         writing by the disclosing Party within fifteen (15) days after such
         verbal transmittal.

2.       For a period of five (5) years following the date of each such
         disclosure or development the receiving Party shall maintain such
         Confidential Information as confidential, except:

         (a)      Confidential Information which is or becomes known publicly
                  through no fault of the receiving Party; or

         (b)      Confidential Information learned by the receiving Party from a
                  third party entitled to disclose it; or

         (c)      Confidential Information already known to the receiving Party
                  before receipt from the disclosing Party as shown by the
                  receiving Party's written records; or

         (d)      Confidential Information which is independently developed by
                  the receiving Party as shown by the receiving Party's written
                  records; or

         (e)      Confidential Information which must be disclosed under
                  operation of law.

         (f)      Confidential Information which is approved for release by
                  written authorization of the disclosing Party

3.       The receiving Party shall not, without prior written permission of the
         disclosing Party, furnish to any third Party any information, equipment
         or material embodying or made by use of any Confidential Information

<PAGE>
                                      -7-

         received or developed hereunder nor use such information for purposes
         other than internal evaluation so long as such Confidential Information
         must be maintained confidential. All Confidential Information in
         tangible form, and any copies thereof, disclosed hereunder, shall be
         promptly returned to the disclosing Party at the disclosing Party's
         written request, or destroyed at the disclosing Parties request
         provided that confirmation of destruction is given to the disclosing
         Party.

4.       The receiving Party shall protect the disclosed Confidential
         Information by using the same degree of care, but no less than a
         reasonable degree of care, to prevent the unauthorised use,
         dissemination or publication of the Confidential Information.

5.       In the event of any breach or threatened breach by the receiving Party
         of its obligations hereunder, the disclosing Party shall have whatever
         rights and remedies are available to it at law or in equity, provided,
         however, that in no event shall either Party be liable for any
         consequential damages of any nature whatsoever.

6.       This Agreement shall not be construed as granting or conferring any
         rights to license or otherwise, expressly, implied, or otherwise for
         any invention, discovery or improvement made, conceived or acquired
         prior to or after the date of this Agreement.

7.       Neither Party shall disclose Confidential Information nor assign work
         hereunder to anyone other than the receiving Party's employees who have
         agreed in writing to maintain the Confidential Information as
         confidential and to execute all documents deemed reasonably necessary
         by the disclosing Party to permit compliance with all provisions of
         this Agreement.

8.       Nothing contained in this Agreement shall constitute a commitment by
         either Party to the development or release of any future products
         and/or programs disclosed thereby or restrict either Party in its
         efforts to improve its existing products and systems and to conceive
         and develop new products and systems. Additionally, participation in
         the information exchange pursuant to this Agreement shall not
         constitute or imply a commitment by either Party to favour or recommend
         any product or service of the other Party.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have respectively caused this Mutual
Non-disclosure Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized officers at the
date first mentioned above.

Consumer Economic Opportunities Inc.            SMART CHIP TECHNOLOGIES, LLC



By: /s/ David Vaters                            By: /s/ Jim Williams         
    ----------------------------                    -------------------------
    Name: David Vaters                              Name:                    
    Title: President, CEO                           Title: President & CEO