EX-2.3

                NON-COMPETITION AND NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT

                NON -COMPETITION AND NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT

     AGREEMENT (this "Agreement"), dated as of May 4, 2004, by and 
between FREESTAR TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION, a Nevada corporation having 
offices at Calle Fantino Falco, J.A. Baez Building, 2nd Floor, Santo 
Domingo, Dominican Republic (the "Buyer"), and  UNICOMP, INC., a 
Colorado corporation having offices at 6478 Putnam Ford Road, Suite 
208, Woodstock, Georgia 30189 (the "Stockholder");

                                 WITNESSETH:

      WHEREAS, on the date hereof, pursuant to that certain Asset 
Purchase Agreement of even date herewith (the "Purchase Agreement"), 
by and among the Buyer, UniPay, Inc. (the "Seller") and the 
Stockholder, the Buyer is acquiring all of the assets and properties 
of the Seller used to provide or act as an electronic gateway between 
sellers of goods and services and processors of payments for such 
goods and services made via credit cards and debit cards, presently 
located at Seller's facility in Murphy, North Carolina (the 
"Business"), as a going concern; 

     WHEREAS, the Stockholder has heretofore been the sole 
stockholder of the Seller, and as such, will derive substantial 
benefit from the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement; 

     WHEREAS, by reason of its ownership and management of the 
Seller, the Stockholder has detailed knowledge and possesses 
confidential information concerning the Business; 

     WHEREAS, in order to induce the Buyer to consummate the 
transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, the Stockholder 
has agreed, and the Buyer has required the Stockholder, to enter into 
this Agreement;

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual 
covenants and agreements contained herein and in the Purchase 
Agreement, the parties hereby agree as follows:

     10.  Restrictive Covenants.

          (a)  The Stockholder hereby acknowledges and agrees that:  
(i) the business contacts, customers, suppliers, technology, know-
how, trade secrets, marketing techniques, operating methods and other 
aspects of the Business have been of value to the Seller, and have 
provided the Seller (and will hereafter provide the Buyer) with 
substantial competitive advantage in the operation of the Business, 
and (ii) by virtue of its ownership and management of the Seller as 
its sole stockholder, the Stockholder has detailed knowledge of and 
possesses confidential information concerning the Business.

          (b)  The Stockholder hereby agrees, for the benefit of the 
Buyer and its subsidiaries, that it shall not, directly or 
indirectly, for itself or through or on behalf of any of its 
subsidiaries or affiliates, or any other person or entity, in each 
case relating only to the Business:

            (i)  at any time from and after the date hereof,  
except to the extent required by law or in connection with any legal 
proceeding of which the Stockholder has theretofore given written 
notice to the Buyer, divulge, transmit or otherwise disclose or cause 
to be divulged, transmitted or otherwise disclosed, any business 
contacts, client or customer lists, technology, know-how, trade 
secrets, marketing techniques, contracts or other confidential or 
proprietary information of the Seller or the Buyer of whatever 
nature, whether existing on or prior to the date hereof or arising 
from and after the date hereof (provided, however, that for purposes 
hereof, information shall not be considered to be confidential or 
proprietary if (A) it is a matter of common knowledge or public 
record, (B) it is generally known in the industry, or (C) the 
Stockholder can demonstrate that such information was already known 
to the recipient thereof other than by reason of any breach of any 
obligation under this Agreement or any other confidentiality or non-
disclosure agreement known to the Stockholder); and/or 

            (ii)  at any time from the date hereof through and 
including the second (2nd) anniversary of the date hereof (the 
"Restrictive Period"), solicit, seek to hire, employ or retain 
(directly or indirectly, whether as an employee, consultant or 
otherwise) any person employed or retained by the Buyer at such time 
or within one (1) year prior to such solicitation, hiring, employment 
or retention, or otherwise materially and adversely interfere with 
the relationship between the Buyer and any such person, without the 
prior written consent of the Buyer in each instance; and/or

            (iii)  at any time during the Restrictive Period, 
solicit, canvass or approach or endeavor to solicit, canvass or 
approach any person or entity which the Stockholder knows (or should 
have known) was provided with products or services of the Business by 
the Seller or the Stockholder at any time, for the purpose of 
offering services or products which compete with or are functionally 
similar to the services or products of the Business supplied by the 
Seller or the Stockholder.

     2.  Remedies.  The Stockholder and the Buyer hereby acknowledge 
and agree that any breach by the Stockholder, directly or indirectly, 
of the foregoing restrictive covenants will cause the Buyer and/or 
its affiliates irreparable injury for which there is no adequate 
remedy at law.  Accordingly, the Stockholder expressly agrees that, 
in the event of any such breach or any threatened breach hereunder by 
the Stockholder, directly or indirectly, the Buyer and its 
subsidiaries shall be entitled, in addition to any and all other 
remedies available, to seek and obtain injunctive and/or other 
equitable relief to require specific performance of or prevent, 
restrain and/or enjoin a breach under the provisions of this Agreement.

     3.  Expenses.  In the event of any dispute under or arising out 
of this Agreement, the prevailing party in such dispute shall be 
entitled to recover from the non-prevailing party or parties, in 
addition to any damages and/or other relief that may be awarded, its 
reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) 
incurred in connection with prosecuting or defending the subject dispute.

     4. Benefits and Obligations.  This Agreement shall be binding 
upon and inure to the benefit of and shall be enforceable by the 
Buyer and its subsidiaries, successors and assigns, and the 
Stockholder and its subsidiaries, successors and assigns; provided, 
however, that the obligations of the Stockholder contained herein may 
not be delegated or assigned.

     5.  Governing Law; Jurisdiction.  This Agreement shall be 
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of 
New York.  The parties agree to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue 
of Florida and Georgia state and federal courts with respect to any 
action between the parties relating to this Agreement.

     6.  Severability.  It is acknowledged, understood and agreed 
that the restrictions contained in this Agreement (a) are made for 
good, valuable and adequate consideration received and to be received 
by the Stockholder, and (b) are reasonable and necessary, in terms of 
the time, geographic scope and nature of the restrictions, for the 
protection of the Buyer and the good will thereof.  It is intended 
that said provisions be fully severable, and in the event that any of 
the foregoing restrictions, or any portion of the foregoing 
restrictions, shall be deemed contrary to law, invalid or 
unenforceable in any respect by any court or other tribunal of 
competent jurisdiction, then such restrictions shall be deemed to be 
amended, modified and reduced in scope and effect, only to that 
extent necessary to render same valid and enforceable, and any other 
of the foregoing restrictions shall be unaffected and shall remain in 
full force and effect.

     7.  Waiver, Amendment or Modification.  Neither this Agreement 
nor any of the terms and conditions hereof may be waived, amended or 
modified except by means of a written instrument duly executed by the 
party to be charged therewith.  No waiver of any provision, 
performance or default hereunder in any instance shall be construed 
as a continuing waiver of such provision, performance or default, or 
a waiver of any other provision, performance or default, or of any 
future performance or default.

     8.  Notices.  Any notice, request, demand or other 
communication required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in 
writing and shall be deemed to have been given when delivered 
personally, one (1) day after being sent by recognized overnight 
courier service, or three (3) business days after being mailed by 
certified mail, return receipt requested, addressed to a party at the 
address of such party first set forth above, or at such other address 
as such party may hereafter have designated by notice.

     9.  Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in any number 
of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all 
of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this 
Agreement as of the date first set forth above.

FREESTAR TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION


By: /s/  Paul Egan
Paul Egan 
President & Chief Executive Officer


UNICOMP, INC.


By: /s/  Stephen A. Hafer
Stephen A. Hafer 
Chief Executive Officer