
                              Attachment 1

                     MUTUAL NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT

NetVoice Technologies, Inc., with offices located at 13747 Montfort
Dr.,Ste. 101, Dallas, Texas 75240, for itself and its affiliated
companies ("Company"), and Unlimited Tech, Inc. with offices at 12790
Merit Dr., Park Central IX, Ste. 600, Dallas, Texas, 75251, for itself
and its affiliated companies ("Broker"), in consideration of the mutual
covenants of this Agreement, hereby agree as follows:

     1.   In connection with ongoing discussions between Broker and
Company concerning possible transactions (the "Transactions"), each party
to this Agreement may wish to disclose certain proprietary and
confidential information to the other party on a confidential basis. 
Such proprietary or confidential information ("Information") includes any
and all technical and non-technical information, including without
limitation, information concerning financial, accounting or marketing
reports, business plans, analysis, forecasts, predictors, intellectual
property, trade secrets and know-how disclosed in connection with the
Transactions.  "Information" may take the form of documentation,
drawings, specifications, software, technical or engineering data and
other forms, and may be communicated orally, in writing, by electronic or
magnetic media, by visual observation and by other means.  "Information"
includes any reports, analysis, studies or other material, whether
prepared by the receiving party or otherwise, that contains or are based
upon proprietary or confidential information covered by this Agreement.

     2.   "Representatives" means the controlled affiliates of either
party, and the respective directors, officers, employees, attorneys, s
and other agents and advisors of either party or of the controlled
affiliates of either party.  Each party shall be responsible for any
breach of this Agreement by its respective Representatives and shall take
all reasonably necessary measures to restrain its Representatives from
unauthorized disclosure or use of information.

     3.   All information which is disclosed by one party to the other in
connection with discussions relating to the Transactions, whether before
or after the date of execution of this Agreement, shall automatically be
deemed proprietary or confidential and subject to this Agreement unless
otherwise confirmed in writing by the disclosing party.  In addition, the
existence and terms of this Agreement, and the fact and substance of
Company's discussions and correspondence with Broker relating to the
Transactions, including the identification of either party by name or
identifiable in connection with the parties' participation in such
process, shall be deemed information of both parties and shall not be
disclosed by either party without the consent of the other party.

     4.   With respect to information disclosed under this Agreement, the
party to whom the information is disclosed and its Representatives shall:
               a.   hold the information in confidence, exercising a
                    degree of care not less than the care used by such
                    party to protect its own proprietary or confidential
                    information that it does not wish to disclose, and in
                    no event less than a reasonable degree of care;
               b.   restrict disclosure of the information solely to
                    those Representatives with a need to know and not
                    disclose it to any other person;
               c.   advise those Representatives of their obligations
                    with respect to the information; and
               d.   use the information only in connection with
                    continuing discussions by the parties concerning the
                    Transactions, except as may otherwise be mutually
                    agreed upon in writing, and shall reproduce such
                    information only to the extent necessary for such purpose.

                                    9

<PAGE>

     5.   Information shall be deemed the property of the disclosing
Party and, within ten (10) business days upon written request from the
disclosing party, the other party will return all such information
received in tangible form to the disclosing party or will destroy all
such information.

     6.   The party to whom information is disclosed shall have no
obligation to preserve the proprietary or confidential nature of any
information which:

               a.   was previously known to such party free of any
                    obligation to keep it confidential; or

               b.   is or becomes publicly available by means other than
                    unauthorized disclosure; or

               c.   is developed by or on behalf of such party
                    independent of any information furnished under this
                    Agreement; or

               d.   is received from a third party whose disclosures does
                    not violate any confidentiality obligation.

     7.   Neither this Agreement, nor the disclosure of Information under
this Agreement, nor the ongoing discussions and correspondence by the
parties concerning the Transactions or any other matter, shall constitute
or imply any promise or intention to make any purchase or use of
products, facilities or services by either party or its affiliated
companies or any commitment by either party or its affiliated companies
with respect to any other present or future transaction.  If, in the
future, the parties elect to enter into binding commitments relating to
the Transactions or any transaction, such commitments will be explicitly
stated in a separate written agreement executed by both parties, and the
parties hereby affirm that they do not intend their discussions,
correspondence, and other activities to be construed as forming a
contract relating to the Transactions or any other transaction without
execution of such separate written agreement.

     8.   Each party retains the right, in its sole discretion, to
determine whether to disclose its information to the other party, and
disclosure of information of any nature shall not obligate the disclosing
party to disclose any further information.

     9.   Each party (a) acknowledges that neither makes any
representatives or warranty (express or implied) as to the accuracy or
completeness of any information, and (b) agrees to assume full
responsibility for all conclusions it may derive from the information. 
Each party hereby expressly disclaims any and all liability that may be
based, in whole or in part, on any information, errors therein or
omissions therefrom.

     10.  In the event that the receiving party or its employees or
Representatives (a) need (for securities law purposes) to make
disclosures of information or (b) are required by law, regulations, or
government agency or court orders, interrogatories, requests for
information or documents, subpoenas, or civil investigative demands to
disclose any information, in the case of (a) the receiving party shall
provide the disclosing party with prompt written notice so that the
disclosing party can work with the receiving party to limit the
disclosure to the greatest extent possible consistent with legal
obligations (it being understood that disclosure of the name of the other
party will never be made without that party's prior written consent); or
in he case of (b) the receiving party shall use its reasonable efforts to
minimize such disclosure and obtain an assurance that the recipient shall
accord confidential treatment to the information, and shall notify the
disclosing party contemporaneously of such disclosure.

                                   10

<PAGE>

     11.  Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as
granting or conferring any rights by license or otherwise in any
information disclosed, or under any trademark, patent, copyright, mask
work or nay other intellectual property right of either party.  None of
the information which may be disclosed or exchanged by the parties shall
constitute any representation, warranty, assurance, guarantee or
inducement by either party to the other of any kind, and, in particular,
with respect to the non-infringement of trademarks, patents, copyrights,
mask works or any other intellectual property right.

     12.  Each party agrees that it will not, without the prior written
consent of the other, transmit, directly or indirectly, the information
received from the other hereunder or any portion thereof to any country
outside of the United States.

     13.  This Agreement shall benefit and be binding upon the parties
hereto and their respective successors and assigns.

     14.  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the local laws of the State of Texas without regard to conflict of
law principles.

     15.  This Agreement shall become effective as of the date of which
it is first executed below ("Effective Date"), provided that this
Agreement shall cover all information disclosed by one party to the other
whether before or after the Effective Date.  Disclosures of information
under this Agreement may take place for a period (the "Information
Disclosure Period") of two (2) years after the Effective Date.  The
obligations of the parties contained in Paragraphs 5, 10 and 12 shall
survive and continue beyond the expiration of the Information Disclosure
Period by a further period of two (2) years.

     16.  Each party agrees that the disclosing party wold be irreparably
injured by a breach of this Agreement by the receiving party or its
Representatives and that the disclosing party shall be entitled to
equitable relief, including injunctive relief and specific performance,
in the event of any breach of the provisions of this Agreement.  Such
remedies shall not be deemed to be exclusive remedies for a breach of
this Agreement, but shall be addition to all other remedies available at
law or in equity.

     17.  This Agreement (a) constitutes the entire understanding between
the parties with respect to information provided in connection with the
Transactions, (b) supersedes all prior agreements between the parties
with respect to information provided in connection with discussions
relating to the Transactions and (c) shall bind each party with respect
to all information received by it prior to the expiration of the
Information Disclosure Period.  No amendments or modification of this
Agreement shall be valid or binding on the parties unless made in writing
and executed on behalf of each party by its duly authorized representative.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each party has caused this Agreement to be
executed on its behalf as of the Effective Date.


NetVoice Technologies, Inc.             Unlimited Tech, Inc.

By: /s/ BILL BEDRI                      By: /s/ JACK PILON
   --------------------------              -----------------------------

Print Name: Bill Bedri                  Print Name: Jack Pilon
           ------------------                      ---------------------

Title: President & CFO                  Title: President
      -----------------------                 --------------------------

Date: 9/18/98                           Date: 9-18-98
     -------------------------               ---------------------------

                                   11