

                        MUTUAL NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT

1.   "Confidential Information" is that confidential, proprietary, and trade
     secret information being disclosed by the disclosing party pursuant to this
     Agreement.

2.   Except as set forth in this Section 2, all Confidential Information shall
     be in tangible form and shall be marked as Confidential or proprietary
     information of the disclosing party.  If the Confidential Information is
     disclosed orally or visually, it shall be identified as such at the time of
     disclosure and confirmed in a writing to the recipient within thirty (30)
     days of such disclosure.

3.   Each of the parties agrees that it will not make use of, disseminate, or in
     any way disclose any Confidential Information of the other party to any
     person, firm or business, except to the extent necessary for negotiations,
     discussions, and consultations with personnel or authorized representatives
     of the other party and any purpose the other party may hereafter authorize
     in writing.  Each of the parties agrees that it shall disclose Confidential
     Information of the other party only to those of its employees, consultants,
     advisors and investors who need to know such information and who have
     previously agreed, either as a condition to employment or in order to
     obtain the Confidential Information, to be bound by terms and conditions
     substantially similar to those of this Agreement.

4.   There shall be no liability for disclosure or use of Confidential
     Information which is (a)  in the public domain through no fault of the
     receiving party (b) rightfully received from a third party without any
     obligation of confidentiality, (c) rightfully known to the receiving party
     without any limitation on use or disclosure prior to its receipt from the
     disclosing party, (d) independently developed by the receiving party
     without use of any Confidential Information and by persons who have not had
     access to any Confidential Information (e) generally made available to
     third parties without any restriction on disclosure, or (f) communicated in
     response to a valid order by a court or other governmental body, as
     otherwise required by law, or as necessary to establish the rights of
     either party under this Agreement (provided that the party so disclosing
     has provided the other party with a reasonable opportunity to seek
     protective legal treatment for such Confidential Information).

5.   Each of the parties agrees that it shall treat all Confidential Information
     of the other party with the same degree of care as it accords to its own
     Confidential Information, and each of the parties represents that it
     exercises reasonable care to protect its own Confidential Information.

6.   Each of the parties agrees that it will not modify, reverse engineer,
     decompile, create other works from, or disassemble any software programs
     contained in the Confidential Information of the other party unless
     otherwise specified in writing by the disclosing party.

* Confidential portions have been omitted from this public filing and have been 
filed separately with the Securities Exchange Commission.
<PAGE>
 
7.   All materials (including, without limitation, documents, drawings, models,
     apparatus, sketches, designs and lists) furnished to one party by the
     other, and which are designated in writing to be the property of such
     party, shall remain the property of such party and shall be returned to it
     promptly at its request, together with any copies thereof.

8.   This Agreement shall govern all communications between the parties that are
     made during the period from the effective date of this Agreement to the
     date on which either party receives from the other written notice that
     subsequent communications shall not be so governed, provided, however, that
     each party's obligations under Sections 2 and 3 with respect to
     Confidential Information of the other party which it has previously
     received shall continue unless and until such Confidential Information
     falls within Section 4.  Neither party shall communicate any information to
     the other in violation of the proprietary rights of any third party.
     Neither party acquires any licenses under any intellectual property rights
     of the other party under this Agreement.

* Confidential portions have been omitted from this public filing and have been 
filed separately with the Securities Exchange Commission.

                                      ii