
                            MUTUAL SECRECY AGREEMENT


           This AGREEMENT effective as of the 17th day of May, 1996, is between
UCAR CARBON COMPANY INC., a Delaware corporation, having offices at 39 Old
Ridgebury Road, Danbury, Connecticut O68l7 (hereinafter referred to as "UCAR
CARBON"); and BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS INC., having an office at 9000 Glenlyon
Parkway, Burnaby, B.C. Canada V5J 5J9 (hereinafter referred to as "BALLARD").

           WHEREAS, UCAR CARBON possesses certain proprietary information
(hereinafter UCAR CARBON Proprietary Information) relating to the manufacture of
flexible graphite for use in fuel cells:

           WHEREAS, BALLARD possesses certain proprietary information
(hereinafter BALLARD Proprietary Information) relating to fuel cells and
components for fuel cells.

           WHEREAS, UCAR CARBON and BALLARD desire to exchange such proprietary
information (hereinafter individually and collectively referred to as
"Proprietary Information") for the purpose of UCAR CARBON supplying flexible
graphite produced employing UCAR CARBON Proprietary Information to BALLARD under
a separate purchase order.

           WHEREAS, each party is willing to disclose to the other
<PAGE>   25
                                      -25-


party its Proprietary Information for the specific purposes of this Agreement
under the following conditions:

           1. During the term of this Agreement, the receiving party agrees to
hold in confidence and not disclose to any person or persons, other than its
employees with a need to know, or use except for the purpose of this agreement,
for a period of fifteen (15) years from the date of each disclosure, any and all
Proprietary Information disclosed in writing and identified as Proprietary
Information by the disclosing party. If Proprietary Information is disclosed
orally or in other than written form, it must be identified as Proprietary
Information at the time of disclosure and summarized in writing and identified
as Proprietary Information by the disclosing party within thirty (30) days from
the date of the disclosure. It is understood that the foregoing obligation of
confidentiality does not apply to:

      a)   information which at the time of disclosure is in the public domain;

      b)   information which is published or otherwise becomes part of the
           public domain through no fault of the receiving party after the
           disclosure hereunder;

      c)   information which the receiving party can demonstrate by reasonably
           convincing evidence is already known or in the possession of the
           receiving party at the time of disclosure hereunder;

      d)   information that the receiving party can show was received by it
           after the time of the disclosure hereunder from a third party on a
           non-confidential basis who did not acquire such information directly
           or indirectly from the disclosing party under an obligation of
           confidence; or
<PAGE>   26
                                      -26-


      e)   information that is developed by an employee of the receiving party
           independent of any such disclosure under this Agreement.


           2. The receiving party agrees to use at least the same degree of care
in maintaining the other party's Proprietary Information confidential as it does
for maintaining the confidentiality of its own Proprietary Information of a
similar nature.


           3. The receiving party agrees not to copy any Proprietary Information
without the written permission of the disclosing party, and shall return such
Proprietary Information and any copies when requested to do so by the disclosing
party during the term of this Agreement


           4. No license, express or implied, is granted by either party to the
other party under any patent, trade secret or copyright now or hereafter owned
by either party under this Agreement.


           5. This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted, and its
performance shall be governed by substantive laws of the state of Connecticut,
U.S.A., without recourse to its conflict of laws, rules or principles.
<PAGE>   27
                                      -27-


           6. Either party upon thirty (30) days notice given in writing to the
other party may terminate this Agreement. However, termination of the Agreement
will not affect the confidentiality and non-use obligations of either party.


AGREED:

BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS INC.                  UCAR CARBON COMPANY INC.



By /s/ Keith B. Prater                      By/s/ R.M. Flowers
   -------------------                        ----------------

Name Keith B. Prater                        Name R.M. Flowers
     ---------------                             ------------

Title Vice President                        Title Dir.-Worldwide Tech.
      --------------                              --------------------

Date 21Jun96                                Date July 2, 1996
     -------                                     ------------
