
                        MUTUAL NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT made as of the this day of  , 1999

BETWEEN
                              ImagicTV Inc., a corporation incorporated under
                              the laws of Canada and having a place of business
                              in the City of Saint John, in the County of Saint
                              John, Province of New Brunswick, ("ImagicTV").

                              AND

                              NBTel Inc., a Canadian corporation with its
                              principal place of business at One
                              Brunswick Square, Saint John, New
                              Brunswick, Canada, (hereinafter "NBTel")

          WHEREAS both ImagicTV and NBTel1 possesses certain confidential
proprietary information and intellectual property;

          AND WHEREAS, ImagicTV and NBTel intend to participate in a program of
discussions, correspondence, and/or planning sessions in connection with the
pursuit, evaluation and/or feasibility of a business relationship, and/or
consummation of a transaction (the "Program") which may result in the mutual
exchange of certain confidential information and intellectual property as herein
defined;

          AND WHEREAS, ImagicTV and NBTel have agreed to enter into this
agreement (the "Agreement") to prevent the unauthorized use and disclosure of
ImagicTV's confidential proprietary information and intellectual property;

          NOW THEREFORE THIS AGREEMENT WITNESSETH that in consideration of the
mutual covenants and conditions hereinafter contained, the parties hereto agree
as follows:

     I.   Confidential Information

          For purposes of this Agreement, "Confidential Information" shall mean
          the information, data, know-how, trade secrets, strategic and
          development plans, business plans, co-developer identities, data,
          business records, 

                                       31
<PAGE>
 
          customer lists, any and all versions of software and related
          documentation, and all other information and documentation which is
          related to ImagicTV's DTV Manager System and NBTel's systems and
          operations which may be disclosed between each party or to which
          either party may be provided access by the other party or others in
          accordance with this Agreement, or which is generated as a result of
          or in connection with the Program, which is not generally available to
          the public.

     II.  Exceptions

          "Confidential Information" will not include information which the
          receiving party can establish (a) was, on the date of this Agreement,
          generally known to the public; or (b) became generally known to the
          public after the date of this Agreement other than as a result of the
          act or omission of the receiving party; or (c) was rightfully known to
          the receiving party prior to that party's leaming or receiving the
          same from the other party; or (d) is or was disclosed by the
          disclosing party to third parties generally without restrictions; or
          (e) the receiving party lawfully received from a third party without
          the third party's breach of agreement or obligation of trust; or (f)
          was independently developed by the receiving party; or (g) was
          disclosed pursuant to the order of a court or other government body,
          or as required by law.

     III. Intellectual Property

          For the purposes of this Agreement, "Intellectual Property" shall mean
          any and all intellectual property to which the disclosing party has
          proprietary rights and may include "Confidential Information" which is
          related to ImagicTV's DTV Manager System and NBTel's operations and
          systems, which may be disclosed between each party or to which either
          party may be provided access by the other party or others in
          accordance with this Agreement, or which is generated as a result of
          or in connection with the Program.

     IV.  Nondisclosure Obligations

          Each party considers all of its Confidential Information and
          Intellectual Property to be propriety.  All of the disclosing party's
          Confidential Information and Intellectual Property shall at all times,
          and throughout the world, remain the property of the disclosing party
          exclusively, and all applicable rights in patents, copyrights and
          trade secrets shall remain in the disclosing party exclusively.  The
          receiving party promises and agrees to 

                                       32
<PAGE>
 
          receive and hold the Confidential Information and Intellectual
          Property in confidence.

          Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the receiving party
          further promises and agrees: (a) to protect and safeguard the
          Confidential Information and Intellectual Property against
          unauthorized use, publication or disclosure; (b) not to use any of the
          Confidential Information and Intellectual Property except for the
          Program; (c) not to, directly or indirectly, in any way, reveal,
          report, publish, disclose, transfer or otherwise use any of the
          Confidential Information and Intellectual Property except as
          specifically authorized by disclosing party in accordance with this
          Agreement.  (d) not to use any Confidential Information and
          Intellectual Property to compete or obtain advantage vis a vis
          disclosing party in any commercial activity contemplated by the
          parties in connection with the Program; (e) to restrict access to the
          Confidential Information and Intellectual Property to those of its
          officers, directors, and employees who clearly need such access to
          carry out the Program; (f) to advise each of the persons to whom it
          provides access to any of the Confidential Information and
          Intellectual Property, that such persons are strictly prohibited from
          making any use, publishing or otherwise disclosing to others, or
          permitting others to use for their benefit or to the detriment of
          disclosing party, any of the Confidential Information and Intellectual
          Property, and, upon request of disclosing party, to provide disclosing
          party with a copy of a written agreement to that effect signed by such
          persons; and (g) to comply with any reasonable security measures
          requested in writing by disclosing party.

     V.   No Right to Confidential Information and Intellectual Property

          Each party hereby agrees and acknowledges that no license, either
          express or implied, is hereby granted with respect to any of the
          Confidential Information and Intellectual Property.  Each party
          further agrees that all inventions, improvements, copyrightable works
          and designs relating to machines, methods, compositions, or products
          of disclosing party directly resulting from or relating to the
          Confidential Information and Intellectual Property and the right to
          market, use, license and franchise the Confidential Information and
          Intellectual Property or the ideas, concepts, methods or practices
          embodied therein shall be the exclusive property of the disclosing
          party, and the receiving party has no right or title thereto.

     VI.  No Solicitation of Employees

                                       33
<PAGE>
 
           Each party agrees that it will not, for a period of three (3) years
           from the date of this Agreement, initiate contact with the other
           party's employees in order to solicit, entice or induce any such
           employee to terminate their employment effective during the term of
           this Agreement for the purpose of accepting employment with the other
           party.

     VII.  Enforcement

           Each party acknowledges and agrees that damages may not be an
           adequate remedy to compensate the other party for any breach of the
           obligations contained in this Agreement and, accordingly, agrees,
           that in addition to any other remedies available, the disclosing
           party shall be entitled to obtain relief by way of temporary or
           permanent injunction to enforce the obligations contained in this
           Agreement.

     VIII. Indemnity

           Each party agrees to indemnify and save harmless the other party
           against any and all losses, damages, claims, or expenses incurred or
           suffered as a result of the other party's breach of this Agreement.

     IX.   Term and Termination.

           This Agreement shall commence on the date first written above and
           shall automatically terminate three (3) years thereafter; however,
           either party may terminate this Agreement at any time prior thereto
           upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party. Each
           party's obligations with respect to each item of the Confidential
           Information and Intellectual Property which it learns or receives
           from the other prior to the date of termination of the Agreement
           shall terminate three (3) years after the date of disclosure of such
           time of Confidential Information and Intellectual Property.
           Immediately after termination of this Agreement, each party shall
           return to the other party all of the other party's Confidential
           Information and Intellectual Property which was disclosed in, or is
           then represented in, tangible form.

     X.    Severability

           Each clause in this Agreement is severable from the others and should
           any of the clauses be unenforceable, then the remainder of the
           Agreement shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding the
           unenforceability of any clause. If any part of this Agreement shall
           be declared invalid or 

                                       34
<PAGE>
 
           unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, it shall not
           affect the validity of the balance of this Agreement.

     XI.   Successors and Assigns.

           Neither party shall have the right to assign its rights under this
           Agreement, whether expressly or by operation of law, without the
           written consent of the other party. This Agreement and the
           obligations hereunder shall be binding on any successors and
           permitted assigns.

     XII.  Governing Law.

           This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
           the laws of the Province of New Brunswick.

     XIII. Entire Agreement

           The terms and conditions herein constitute the entire agreement and
           understanding of the parties and shall supersede all communications,
           negotiations, arrangements and agreements, either oral or written,
           with respect to the subject matter hereof. No amendments to or
           modifications of this Agreement shall be effective unless reduced to
           writing and executed by the Parties hereto. The failure of either
           party to enforce any term hereof shall not be deemed a waiver of any
           rights contained herein.

           IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto have executed these presents as
of the day and year first hereinbefore written.

SIGNED, SEALED and DELIVERED  )
     in the presence of       )    ImagicTV Inc.
                              )
                              )    per_______________________
                              )
                              )    NBTel Inc.
                              )
                              )    per_______________________
                              )

                                       35

