
                             NONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENT

<PAGE>   63
                                                                         Annex D

                MICROSOFT CORPORATION NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
                            (STANDARD RECIPROCAL)

      This Non-Disclosure Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and entered into
as of the later of the two signature dates below by and between MICROSOFT
CORPORATION, a Washington corporation ("Microsoft"), and STARBAND
COMMUNICATIONS INC./DELAWARE corporation ("Company").

      IN CONSIDERATION OF THE MUTUAL PROMISES AND COVENANTS CONTAINED IN THIS
AGREEMENT AND THE MUTUAL DISCLOSURE OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, THE PARTIES
HERETO AGREE AS FOLLOWS:

1.    Definition of Confidential Information and Exclusions.

      (a)    "Confidential Information" means nonpublic information that a
party to this Agreement ("Disclosing Party") designates as being confidential
to the party that receives such information ("Receiving Party") or which,
under the circumstances surrounding disclosure ought to be treated as
confidential by the Receiving Party. "Confidential Information" includes,
without limitation, information in tangible or intangible form relating to
and/or including released or unreleased Disclosing Party software or hardware
products, the marketing or promotion of any Disclosing Party product,
Disclosing Party's business policies or practices, and information received
from others that Disclosing Party is obligated to treat as confidential.
Except as otherwise indicated in this Agreement, the term "Disclosing Party"
also includes all Affiliates of the Disclosing Party and, except as otherwise
indicated, the term "Receiving Party" also includes all Affiliates of the
Receiving Party. An "Affiliate" means any person, partnership, joint venture,
corporation or other form of enterprise, domestic or foreign, including but
not limited to subsidiaries, that directly or indirectly, control, are
controlled by, or are under common control with a party.

      (b)    Confidential Information shall not include any information,
however designated, that: (i) is or subsequently becomes publicly available
without Receiving Party's breach of any obligation owed Disclosing Party; (ii)
became known to Receiving Party prior to Disclosing Party's disclosure of such
information to Receiving Party pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; (iii)
became known to Receiving Party from a source other than Disclosing Party
other than by the breach of an obligation of confidentiality owed to
Disclosing Party; (iv) is independently developed by Receiving Party; or (v)
constitutes Feedback (as defined in Section 5 of this Agreement).

2.    Obligations Regarding Confidential Information

      (a)    Receiving Party shall:

             (i)    Refrain from disclosing any Confidential Information of
                    the Disclosing Party to third parties for two (2) years
                    following the date that Disclosing Party first discloses
                    such Confidential Information to Receiving Party, except
                    as expressly provided in Sections 2(b) and 2(c) of this
                    Agreement;

             (ii)   Take reasonable security precautions, at least as great as
                    the precautions it takes to protect its own confidential
                    information, but no less than reasonable care, to keep
                    confidential the Confidential Information of the
                    Disclosing Party;

             (iii)  Refrain from disclosing, reproducing, summarizing and/or
                    distributing Confidential Information of the Disclosing
                    Party except in pursuance of Receiving Party's business
                    relationship with Disclosing Party, and only as otherwise
                    provided hereunder; and

             (iv)   Refrain from reverse engineering, decompiling or
                    disassembling any software code and/or pre-release
                    hardware devices disclosed by Disclosing Party to
                    Receiving Party under the terms of this Agreement, except
                    as expressly permitted by applicable law.

      (b)    Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information of
Disclosing Party in accordance with a judicial or other governmental order,
provided that Receiving Party either (i) gives the undersigned Disclosing
Party reasonable notice prior to such disclosure to allow Disclosing Party a
reasonable opportunity to seek a protective order or

[*] Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with 
    the Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to
    the omitted portions.
<PAGE>   64


equivalent, or (ii) obtains written assurance from the applicable judicial or
governmental entity that it will afford the Confidential Information the
highest level of protection afforded under applicable law or regulation.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Receiving Party shall not disclose any
computer source code that contains Confidential Information of the Disclosing
Party in accordance with a judicial or other governmental order unless it
complies with the requirement set forth in sub-section (i) of this Section
2(b).

      (c)    The undersigned Receiving Party may disclose Confidential
Information only to Receiving Party's employees and consultants on a
need-to-know basis. The undersigned Receiving Party will have executed or
shall execute appropriate written agreements with third parties sufficient to
enable Receiving Party to enforce all the provisions of this Agreement.

      (d)    Receiving Party shall notify the undersigned Disclosing Party
immediately upon discovery of any unauthorized use or disclosure of
Confidential Information or any other breach of this Agreement by Receiving
Party and its employees and consultants, and will cooperate with Disclosing
Party in every reasonable way to help Disclosing Party regain possession of
the Confidential Information and prevent its further unauthorized use or
disclosure.

      (e)    Receiving Party shall, at Disclosing Party's request, return all
originals, copies, reproductions and summaries of Confidential Information
and all other tangible materials and devices provided to the Receiving Party
as Confidential Information, or at Disclosing Party's option, certify
destruction of the same.

 3.   Remedies

      The parties acknowledge that monetary damages may not be a sufficient
remedy for unauthorized disclosure of Confidential Information and that
Disclosing Party shall be entitled, without waiving any other rights or
remedies, to such injunctive or equitable relief as may be deemed proper by a
court of competent jurisdiction.

4.    Miscellaneous

      (a)    All Confidential Information is and shall remain the property of
Disclosing Party. By disclosing Confidential information to Receiving Party,
Disclosing Party does not grant any express or implied right to Receiving
Party to or under any patents, copyrights, trademarks, or trade secret
information except as otherwise provided herein. Disclosing Party reserves
without prejudice the ability to protect its rights under any such patents,
copyrights, trademarks, or trade secrets except as otherwise provided herein.

      (b)    In the event that the Disclosing Party provides any computer
software and/or hardware to the Receiving Party as Confidential Information
under the terms of this Agreement, such computer software and/or hardware may
only be used by the Receiving Party for evaluation and providing Feedback (as
defined in Section 5 of this Agreement) to the Disclosing Party. Unless
otherwise agreed by the Disclosing Party and the Receiving Party, all such
computer software and/or hardware is provided "AS IS" without warranty of any
kind, and Receiving Party agrees that neither Disclosing Party nor its
suppliers shall be liable for any damages whatsoever arising from or relating
to Receiving Party's use or inability to use such software and/or hardware.

      (c)    The parties agree to comply with all applicable international and
national laws that apply to (i) any Confidential Information, or (ii) any
product (or any part thereof), process or service that is the direct product
of the Confidential Information, including the U.S. Export Administration
Regulations, as well as end-user, end-use and destination restrictions issued
by U.S. and other governments. For additional information on exporting
Microsoft products, see http://www.microsoft.com/exporting/.

      (d)    The terms of confidentiality under this Agreement shall not be
construed to limit either the Disclosing Party or the Receiving Party's right
to independently develop or acquire products without use of the other party's
Confidential Information. Further, the Receiving Party shall be free to use
for any purpose the residuals resulting from access to or work with the
Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party, provided that the Receiving
Party shall not disclose the Confidential Information except as expressly
permitted pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. The term "residuals" means
information in intangible form, which is retained in memory by persons who
have had access to the

                                                                              2
<PAGE>   65


Confidential Information, including ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques
contained therein. The Receiving Party shall not have any obligation to limit
or restrict the assignment of such persons or to pay royalties for any work
resulting from the use of residuals. However, this sub-paragraph shall not be
deemed to grant to the Receiving Party a license under the Disclosing Party's
copyrights or patents.

      (e)    This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the
parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. It shall not be modified
except by a written agreement dated subsequent to the date of this Agreement
and signed by both parties. None of the provisions of this Agreement shall be
deemed to have been waived by any act or acquiescence on the part of
Disclosing Party, the Receiving Party, their agents, or employees, but only by
an instrument in writing signed by an authorized employee of Disclosing Party
and the Receiving Party. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall
constitute a waiver of any other provision(s) or of the same provision on
another occasion.

      (f)   If either Disclosing Party or the Receiving Party employs
attorneys to enforce any rights arising out of or relating to this Agreement,
the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover reasonable attorneys' fees
and costs. This Agreement shall be construed and controlled by the laws of the
State of Washington, and the parties further consent to exclusive jurisdiction
and venue in the federal courts sitting in King County, Washington, unless no
federal subject matter jurisdiction exists, in which case the parties consent
to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the Superior of King County,
Washington. Company waives all defenses of lack of personal jurisdiction and
forum non conveniens. Process may be served on either party in the manner
authorized by applicable law or court rule.

      (g)    This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of
each party's respective successors and lawful assigns; provided, however, that
neither party may assign this Agreement (whether by operation of law, sale of
securities or assets, merger or otherwise), in whole or in part, without the
prior written approval of the other party. Any attempted assignment in
violation of this Section shall be void.

      (h)    If any provision of this Agreement shall be held by a court of
competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the remaining
provisions shall remain in full force and effect.

      (i)    Either party may terminate this Agreement with or without cause
upon ninety (90) days prior written notice to the other party. All sections of
this Agreement relating to the rights and obligations of the parties
concerning Confidential Information disclosed during the term of the Agreement
shall survive any such termination.

5.    Suggestions and Feedback

      The Receiving Party may from time to time provide suggestions, comments
or other feedback ("Feedback") to the Disclosing Party with respect to
Confidential Information provided originally by the Disclosing Party. Both
parties agree that all Feedback is and shall be given entirely voluntarily.
Feedback, even if designated as confidential by the party offering the
Feedback, shall not, absent a separate written agreement, create any
confidentiality obligation for the receiver of the Feedback. Furthermore,
except as otherwise provided herein or in a separate subsequent written
agreement between the parties, the receiver of the Feedback shall be free to
use, disclose, reproduce, license or otherwise distribute, and exploit the
Feedback provided to it as it sees fit, entirely without obligation or
restriction of any kind on account of intellectual property rights or
otherwise.

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement.

<TABLE>
<S>                                                <C>
    COMPANY: STARBAND COMMUNICATIONS INC.          MICROSOFT CORPORATION
    Address: 1760 Old Newton Rd.                   One Microsoft Way
             McLean, VA 22102                      Redmond, WA 98052-6399

    By: /s/ DAVID C. TRACHTENBERG                  By:  /s/ JAMES L. KRAMER
       ---------------------------------------        ---------------------------------------
    Name: DAVID C. TRACHTENBERG                    Name:    James L. Kramer
         -------------------------------------          -------------------------------------
    Title: PRESIDENT & CHIEF MARKETING OFFICER     Title:   Director
          ------------------------------------           ------------------------------------
    Date: October 20, 2000                         Date:    November 11, 2000
         -------------------------------------          -------------------------------------
</TABLE>

                                                                              3
<PAGE>   66




                                     ANNEX E

                              TERMINATION AGREEMENT





<PAGE>   67



                              TERMINATION AGREEMENT


Reference is hereby made to the Performance Guarantee Agreement by Gilat
Satellite Networks, Ltd. ("Gilat") dated February 15, 2000 ("Performance
Guarantee") a copy of which is annexed hereto as Exhibit 1 and the Agreement
Relating to Gilat Supply Agreements annexed hereto as Exhibit 2 ("Back to Back
Agreement").

WHEREAS, the Parties below desire to terminate the Back to Back Agreement in its
entirety and, with respect to the Performance Guarantee, to terminate Gilat's
obligations thereunder except for certain obligations specified herein, and

WHEREAS, Gilat agrees to continue to warrant to the Microsoft Network LLC
("MSN") that the USB-CPE supplied by Gilat to StarBand Communications Inc.
("StarBand") shall conform to the agreed specifications set forth in the CPE
Plan attached to the Amended and Restated Broadband Access Services Supply
Agreement dated October 20, 2000, between MSN and Starband ("MSN Supply
Agreement") (capitalized terms not herein defined shall have the same meaning as
set forth in the MSN Supply Agreement).

NOW THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1.     The Back to Back Agreement is hereby terminated effective on the date
       appearing below and shall have no further force or effect.

2.     Gilat's obligations under the Performance Guarantee are hereby terminated
       effective as of the date appearing below and shall have no further force
       or effect, provided, however, that Gilat's obligations under the
       Performance Guarantee shall continue in full force and effect solely with
       respect to the provisions of Article VI of the Investment Agreement by
       and among Spacenet, Inc., Gilat-To-Home, Inc., Microsoft G-Holdings,
       Inc., and Microsoft Corporation dated February 15, 2000, as amended by
       the Effectiveness Agreement by and among Gilat, Gilat-To-Home, Inc.,
       Spacenet, Inc., Microsoft G-Holdings., Inc., EchoStar Communications
       Corporation, Furman Selz Investors II L.P., FS Employee Investors LLC and
       FS Parallel Fund L.P., dated March 30, 2000, and as further amended by
       the Assignment and Amendment and the Second Assignment and Amendment,
       both dated August 2000.

3.     Gilat warrants to MSN that it shall for the entire term of the MSN Supply
       Agreement cause the USB-CPE supplied by it to Starband to be in strict
       conformity with the agreed specifications set forth in the CPE Plan
       attached to the MSN Supply Agreement.

This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall
be deemed an original, and all of which shall constitute one and the same
agreement.


<PAGE>   68

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Agreement to be duly
executed by its duly authorized officer on this 20th day of October, 2000.

SPACENET INC.

By:  /s/ SHELDON REVKIN
     ---------------------------------
Name:
Title:


STARBAND COMMUNICATIONS INC.
(FORMERLY GILAT-TO-HOME INC.)

By:  /s/ ZUR FELDMAN
     ---------------------------------
Name:
Title:

GILAT SATELLITE NETWORK LTD.

By:  /s/ YOEL GAT
     ---------------------------------
Name:
Title:


MICROSOFT G-HOLDINGS INC.

By:  /s/ JON DEVAAN
     ---------------------------------
Name:
Title:


MICROSOFT CORPORATION

By:  TED KUMMART
     ---------------------------------
Name:
Title: VP


