Cyberlux Corporation
                                       and
                     International Consolidated Technologies
                         MUTUAL NON DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT

     This  Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and entered
into  this  30th  day  of  November, 2001 by and  between  Cyberlux  Corporation
("Cyberlux") with it principal place of business located at 50 Orange  Road,  PO
Box 2010, Pinehurst,  NC  28370 and International Consolidated Technologies
("ICT"),  with its principal place of business located at 400 West Delaware
Casey, IL 62420.

     WHEREAS,  Cyberlux  and ICT intend to enter into discussions  concerning  a
business relationship whereby ICT will provide Cyberlux with certain services;

     NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1.    PROPRIETARY  INFORMATION.  For purposes of  this  Agreement,  "Proprietary
Information"  shall mean written, documentary or oral information  of  any  kind
disclosed  by  Cyberlux  or  ICT  to the other  and  designated  as  proprietary
information,  including,  but not limited to, (a)  information  of  a  business,
planning,  marketing  or  technical nature,  (b)  models,  tools,  hardware  and
software,  and (c) any documents, reports, memoranda, notes, files  or  analyses
prepared by or on behalf of the receiving party that contain, summarize  or  are
based  upon any Proprietary Information, provided that "Proprietary Information"
shall not include information which:

     (i)  is publicly available prior to the date of this Agreement;
     
     (ii) becomes publicly available after the date of this Agreement trough  no
     wrongful act of the receiving party;
     
     (iii)      is  furnished to others by the disclosing party without  similar
     restrictions on their right to use or disclose;
     
     (iv)  is  known by the receiving party without any proprietary restrictions
     at  the  time of receipt of such information from the disclosing  party  or
     becomes  rightfully  known  to  the  receiving  party  without  proprietary
     restrictions from a source other than the disclosing party;
     
     (v)   is independently developed by the receiving party by persons who  did
     not have access, directly or indirectly, to the proprietary Information; or
     
     
/1/     
     

     (vi)  is  obligated  to  be produced under order of a  court  of  competent
     jurisdiction or a valid administrative or congressional subpoena,  provided
     that  the  receiving party promptly notifies the disclosing party  of  such
     event so that the disclosing party may seek an appropriate protective order
     or  waive  compliance  by  the  receiving party  with  the  terns  of  this
     Agreement.

2.   CONFIDENTIALITY
     a.    The  receiving  party  shall protect all of  the  disclosing  party's
     Proprietary  Information as confidential information and, except  with  the
     prior  written consent of the disclosing party or as otherwise specifically
     provided  herein, shall. not disclose, copy or distribute such  Proprietary
     Information to any other individual, corporation or entity for a period  of
     three (3) years from the date of disclosure.
     
     b.    Except in connection with any joint project between Cyberlux and ICT,
     the  receiving  party  shall  not make any use of  the  disclosing  party's
     Proprietary Information for is own benefit or for the benefit of any  other
     individual, corporation or entity.
     
     c.    The  receiving  party  shall not disclose all  or  any  part  of  the
     disclosing  party's  Proprietary Information  to  any  affiliates,  agents,
     officers,    directors,   employees   or   representatives   (collectively,
     "Representatives")  of the receiving party except on a need-to-know  basis.
     The receiving party agrees to inform any of its Representatives who receive
     the  disclosing  parts  Proprietary Information  of  the  confidential  and
     proprietary  nature thereof and of such Representative's  obligations  with
     respect  to  the maintenance of such Proprietary Information in conformance
     with the terms of this Agreement.
     
     d.    Each  party shall maintain the other party's Proprietary  Information
     with  at least the same degree of care each party uses to maintain its  own
     proprietary  information. Each party represents that such  degree  of  care
     provides adequate protection for its own proprietary information.
     
     e.    The receiving party shall immediately advise the disclosing party  in
     writing  of  any misappropriation or misuse by any person of the disclosing
     party's Proprietary Information of which the receiving party is aware.
     
     f.    Any documents or materials that are furnished by or on behalf of  the
     disclosing  party, and all other Proprietary Information in whatever  form,
     including documents, reports, memoranda, notes, files or analyses  prepared
     by  or  on  behalf  of the receiving party, including all  copies  of  such
     materials,  shall  be  promptly returned by  the  receiving  party  to  the
     disclosing  party  upon  written request by the disclosing  party  for  any
     reason.

                                        2



3.    NO  LICENSES  OR WARRANTIES. No license to the receiving party  under  any
trade  secrets  or patents or otherwise with respect to any of  the  Proprietary
Information is granted or implied by conveying proprietary Information or  other
information to such party, and none of the information transmitted or  exchanged
shall constitute any representation, warranty, assurance, guaranty or inducement
with respect to the infringement of patents or other rights of others.

4.    REMEDY  FOR BREACH. Each receiving party acknowledges that the Proprietary
Information  of  the  disclosing  party is central  to  the  disclosing  party's
business and was developed by or for the disclosing party at a significant cost.
Each  receiving party further acknowledges that damages would not be an adequate
remedy  for  any  breach  of  this  Agreement by  the  receiving  party  or  its
Representatives  and  that the disclosing party may obtain injunctive  or  other
equitable  relief to remedy or prevent any breach or threatened breach  of  this
Agreement  by  the  receiving party or any of its Representatives.  Such  remedy
shall  not  be  deemed to be the exclusive remedy for .any such breach  of  this
Agreement, but shall be in addition to all other remedies available at law or in
equity to the disclosing party.

5.   MISCELLANEOUS.

     a.    This Agreement contains the entire understanding between Cyberlux and
     ICT  and  supersedes all prior written and oral understandings relating  to
     the  subject hereof. This Agreement may not be modified except by a writing
     signed by both parties.
     
     b.   The construction, interpretation and performance of this Agreement, as
     well  as  the  legal  relations of the parties arising hereunder,  will  be
     governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of North
     Carolina.
     
     e.    It  is  understood  and agreed that no failure  or  delay  by  either
     Cyberlux or ICT in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall
     operate  as  a  waiver  thereof, nor shall any single or  partial  exercise
     thereof  preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise  of
     any  other right, power or privilege hereunder. No waiver of any  terms  or
     conditions  of  this  Agreement shall be deemed  to  be  a  waiver  of  any
     subsequent breach of any term or condition. All waivers must be in  writing
     and signed by the party sought to be bound
     
     d.    If  any  part  of  this  Agreement shall be held  unenforceable,  the
     remainder  of  this Agreement will nevertheless remain in  full  force  and
     effect.

                                        3



     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties of this Agreement has caused this
Agreement to be signed in its name and on its behalf by its representative
thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above written.


                              Cyberlux Corporation

                              By:   /s/ Donald F. Evans
                                 ----------------------
                              Donald F. Evans
                              President

                              
                              International Consolidated Technologies

                              By:    /s/ Jim Goble   12/12/01
                                 ----------------------------
                                   Jim Goble
                                   Engineering and Tooling Manager