
                           CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT

          This Confidentiality Agreement (this "Agreement"), is made this 6th
day of March, 2000, by and between DUNC, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (the "COMPANY") and NORTHWEST AIRLINES, INC., a Minnesota corporation
("INVESTOR"). Capitalized terms used and not defined herein shall have the
meanings set forth in the LLC Agreement (as defined below).

                                    RECITALS

          WHEREAS, the Investor has entered into a Subscription Agreement of
even date herewith pursuant to which it will its purchase membership interests
in the Company and become a member of the Company; and

          WHEREAS, the Investor previously entered into that certain Limited
Liability Company Agreement of the Company, dated as of February 9, 2000 (the
LLC Agreement"), pursuant to which the Company was formed with Investor as one
of the Initial Members:

          WHEREAS, in connection with the conduct of the Company's operations,
each of the Company and Investor (each a "Party" and, collectively, the
"Parties") may disclose certain confidential and proprietary information
regarding the conduct of each Party's respective business activities; and

          WHEREAS, the Parties desire to provide appropriate protection for the
exchange of such confidential and proprietary information and to establish the
terms under which such information shall be disclosed.

          NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, covenants and
agreements herein contained and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties, intending
to be legally bound hereby agree, as follows:

          1.   CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. Confidential Information shall mean:

               (a)  any data or information that is supplied by either Party
     (which will be deemed to include, in the case of the Company, any data or
     information with respect to any Member of the Company supplied by the
     Company or such Member to the Investor in connection with the operation of
     the Company or the performance of any obligation, or the exercise of any
     rights, under the LLC Agreement or any Related Agreement), including by its
     Affiliates (the "DISCLOSING PARTY"), or the agents, employees, authorized
     representatives or nominees thereof (such persons being referred to
     collectively as the REPRESENTATIVES") to the other Party including its
     Affiliates (the "RECEIVING PARTY") (or the Representatives of the Receiving
     Party) including, but not limited to, information regarding: products and
     services planning, marketing strategies, strategic and business plans,
     finance, operations, customer relationships, customer profiles, sales
     estimates and internal performance results relating to the past, present or
     future business activities of the Disclosing Party and its owners,
     customers, clients and suppliers;


                        CONFIDENTIAL                              Page 27
<Page>

               (b)  any scientific or technical information, design, process,
     procedure, formula, or improvement that is supplied by the Disclosing Party
     or its Representatives to the Receiving Party or its Representatives;

               (c)  all confidential or proprietary concepts, documentation.
     reports, data, specifications, computer software, source code, object code,
     flow charts, databases, inventions, information, know-how and trade
     secrets, whether or not patentable or subject to copyright, supplied by the
     Disclosing Party or its Representatives to the Receiving Party or its
     Representatives; and

               (d)  without limitation, all documents, inventions, drawings,
     diagrams, specifications, bills of material, equipment, prototypes and
     models, and any other tangible manifestation of the foregoing supplied by
     the Disclosing Party or us Representatives to the Receiving Party or its
     Representatives.

          2.   CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS. Except as expressly authorized by
prior written consent of the Disclosing Party, the Receiving Party shall:

               (a)  limit access to any Confidential Information received by it
     solely to its Representatives who have a need to know such in connection
     with any current or future negotiations or arrangements between the
     Receiving Party and the Disclosing Party, including, without limitation in
     connection with the membership of the Investor in the Company and any
     commercial arrangements between the Investor and the Company and only for
     use in connection therewith. The Investor may provide access to and may
     disclose Confidential Information of the Company to any other Member of the
     Company in connection with such Member's participation as a Member of the
     Company. The Disclosing Party hereby consents to, and represents and
     warrants that it has obtained from its applicable Affiliates their consent
     to the use by the Receiving Party of any information received by the
     Receiving Party in connection with the above-referenced negotiations or
     arrangements;

               (b)  advise its Representatives having access to the Confidential
     Information of the proprietary nature thereof and of the obligation set
     forth in this Agreement;

               (c)  take appropriate action by instruction or agreement with its
     Representatives having access to the Confidential Information to fulfill
     its obligations under this Agreement;

               (d)  safeguard all Confidential Information received by it using
     a reasonable degree of care and discretion to avoid disclosure, publication
     or dissemination of such Confidential Information, but not less than that
     degree of care and discretion used by the Receiving Party in safeguarding
     its own similar information or material that it does not wish to disclose,
     publish or disseminate; and

               (e)  use all Confidential Information received by it for the
     purposes described in subsection (a) of this Section 2 and for no other
     purpose whatsoever.


                        CONFIDENTIAL                              Page 28
<Page>

          3.   DESTRUCTION OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION UPON REQUEST. Upon the
request of the Disclosing Party, the Receiving Party shall (i) destroy all
memoranda, notes, records, drawings, manuals, other documents or materials and
any other manifestation (and all copies thereof) pertaining to or arising from
the Confidential Information in any form or medium (whether written,
typewritten, recorded, electronic or otherwise) and (ii) at the option of the
Receiving Party, either return to the Disclosing Party or destroy the
Confidential Information supplied by the Disclosing Party or its
Representatives. Upon the return and/or destruction of such materials, the
Receiving Party agrees to certify, in writing, that all of the foregoing
materials have been destroyed or surrendered to the Disclosing Party.

          4.   EXCEPTIONS TO CONFIDENTIALITY. The obligation of confidentiality
and restriction on use in Section 2 hereof shall not apply to any Confidential
Information that the Receiving Party proves:

               (a)  was in the public domain prior to the date of this Agreement
     or subsequently came into the public domain other than as a result of
     disclosure by the Receiving Party;

               (b)  was received by the Receiving Party from a third party free
     of any obligation of confidence of the Receiving Party to such third party;
     provided that such third party is not known by the Receiving Party, after
     reasonable diligence, to be bound by a confidentiality agreement with or
     other obligation of secrecy to the Disclosing Party;

               (c)  was already in the possession of or known to the Receiving
     Party, without obligation of confidentiality, prior to receipt thereof,
     directly or indirectly, from the Disclosing Party;

               (d)  is requested to be disclosed in a judicial or administrative
     law, regulation or proceeding after all reasonable legal remedies for
     maintaining such information in confidence have been exhausted, including,
     but not limited to, giving the Disclosing Party reasonable advance notice
     of the potential for such disclosure and allowing the Disclosing Party to
     seek a protective order concerning such disclosure; or

               (e)  is subsequently and independently developed by employees,
     consultants or agents of the Receiving Party without reference to the
     Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party disclosed under this
     Agreement.

          5.   RIGHTS IN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. Except as specifically
provided for herein, this Agreement does not confer any right, license, interest
or title in, to or under the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information to the
Receiving Party. No license is hereby granted to the Receiving Party, by
estoppel or otherwise, under any patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret or
other proprietary rights of the Disclosing Party. Title to the Disclosing
Party's Confidential Information shall remain solely in the Disclosing Party.

          6.   TERMINATION. This Agreement may not be terminated except
following Withdrawal by the Investor pursuant to the terms of the LLC Agreement.
The obligations of confidentiality and limitations on use under this Agreement
shall survive termination of this Agreement for a period of five (5) years from
the execution of this Agreement; PROVIDED,


                        CONFIDENTIAL                              Page 29
<Page>

HOWEVER, notwithstanding the term of this Agreement, any provisions hereof that
by their nature extend beyond such term or termination shall remain in effect
beyond such term or termination under this Section 6 until fulfilled and shall
apply to either Party's successors and assigns.

          7.   EQUITABLE RELIEF. Each Party agrees that money damages would not
be a sufficient remedy for breach of the confidentiality and other obligations
of this Agreement. Accordingly, in addition to all other remedies that each
Party may have, each Party shall be entitled to specific performance and
injunctive relief or other equitable relief as determined by a court of
competent jurisdiction as a remedy for any breach of this Agreement. Each Party
agrees to waive any requirement for a bond in connection with any such
injunctive or other equitable relief.

          8.   GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement and performance thereunder shall be
governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, excluding its conflicts of laws
rules.

          9.   THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES. This Agreement may be enforced by any
Member of the Company with respect to any information or data regarding such
Member disclosed by the Investor m violation of this Agreement. Except as set
forth in the preceding sentence, nothing in this Agreement shall provide any
benefit to any third party or entitle any third party to any claim, cause of
action, remedy or right of any kind, it being the intent of the Parties that
this Agreement shall not be construed as a third party beneficiary contract.

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the
date first written above.

                                   COMPANY:

                                   DUNC, LLC

                                   By:    /s/ Michael S. Praven
                                          --------------------------------------
                                   Name:  Michael S. Praven
                                          --------------------------------------
                                   Title: Vice President
                                          --------------------------------------

                                   INVESTOR:

                                   NORTHWEST AIRLINES, INC.

                                   By:    /s/ A.M. Lenza
                                          --------------------------------------
                                   Name:  A.M. Lenza
                                          --------------------------------------
                                   Title: Vice-President
                                          --------------------------------------
