
                            GREENWAY CONSULTING, LLC
                                  CONFIDENTIAL

                                    EXHIBIT A
                            NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
                           PROPRIETARY INFORMATION OF
           GREENWAY CONSULTING, LLC AND OREGON TRAIL ETHANOL COALITION

         THIS NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is made as of __________,
2002 between Oregon Trail Ethanol Coalition, L.L.C., a Nebraska limited
liability company ("Disclosing Party"), and _______________________, a
_________________________ ("Receiving Party").

PREAMBLE

                  The Disclosing Party and the Receiving Party are currently
involved in discussions concerning the development of an ethanol processing
facility by Oregon Trail Ethanol Coalition (the "Transaction"). As a result of
such discussions, the Receiving Party may have access to certain confidential
information of the Disclosing Party and GreenWay Consulting, LLC ("GreenWay").
The Disclosing Party has entered into a nondisclosure agreement with GreenWay
prohibiting disclosure of GreenWay confidential information, subject to the
Receiving Party executing this Non-Disclosure Agreement. The Parties desire to
enter into this Agreement in order to allow disclosure to the Receiving Party
and prohibit disclosure of such information to any other party. Therefore, in
consideration of the Receiving Party being given access to certain confidential
information of the Disclosing Party and in exchange for the mutual covenant and
promises contained herein, with the intent to be legally bound, the Parties
agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

1.       Confidential Information.

         (a)      As used in this Agreement, the "Confidential Information" of
         the Disclosing Party shall mean all information concerning or related
         to the business, operations, financial condition or prospects of the
         Disclosing Party or any of their respective Affiliates, regardless of
         the form in which such information appears and whether or not such
         information has been reduced to a tangible form, and shall specifically
         include (1) all information regarding the officers, directors,
         employees, equity holders, customers, suppliers, distributors,
         insurers, reinsurers, brokers, independent contractors, sales
         representatives and licensees of the Disclosing Party and their
         respective Affiliates, in each case whether present or prospective, (2)
         all inventions, discoveries, trade secrets, processes, techniques,
         methods, formulae, ideas and know-how of the Disclosing Party and their
         respective Affiliates, (3) all financial statements, audit reports,
         budgets and business plans or forecasts of the Disclosing Party and
         their respective Affiliates and (4) all information concerning or
         related to the Transaction; provided, that the Confidential Information
         of the Disclosing Party shall not include (x) information which is or
         becomes generally known to the public through no act or omission of the
         Receiving Party and (y) information which has been or hereafter is
         lawfully obtained by the Receiving Party from a source other than the
         Disclosing Party (or any of their respective Affiliates or their

                                       11

<PAGE>

                            GREENWAY CONSULTING, LLC
                                  CONFIDENTIAL

         respective officers, directors, employees, equity holders or agents) so
         long as, in the case of information obtained from a third party, such
         third party was or is not, directly or indirectly, subject to an
         obligation of confidentiality owed to the Disclosing Party or any of
         their Affiliates at the time such Confidential Information was or is
         disclosed to the Receiving Party. As used in this Paragraph, an
         "Affiliate" of a Disclosing Party shall mean an entity which controls,
         is controlled by or is under common control of a Disclosing Party, and
         the term "control" shall mean, with respect to any entity, the
         possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the
         direction of the management and policies of such entity, whether
         through ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

2.       Nondisclosure of Confidential Information. Except as otherwise
         permitted by Section 3, the Receiving Party agrees that it will not,
         without the prior written consent of the Disclosing Party, disclose or
         use for its own benefit, or that of any third party, any Confidential
         Information.

3.       Permitted Disclosures. Notwithstanding Section 2, Receiving Party
         shall be permitted to:

         (a)      disclose Confidential Information to its officers, employees
         and counsel, but only to the extent reasonably necessary in order for
         such party to prepare, conduct and execute and deliver definitive
         documents for the Transaction; provided that Receiving Party shall take
         all such action as shall be necessary or desirable in order to ensure
         that each of such persons maintains the confidentiality of any
         Confidential Information that is so disclosed; and

         (b)      disclose Confidential Information to the extent, but only to
         the extent, required by law; provided, that prior to making any
         disclosure pursuant to this subsection, the Receiving Party shall
         notify the Disclosing Party of the same, and the Disclosing Party shall
         have the right to participate with the Receiving Party in determining
         the amount and type of Confidential Information of the Disclosing
         Party, if any, which must be disclosed in order to comply with
         applicable law, including, without limitation, state and federal
         securities laws and regulations.

4.       Return of Confidential Information. If activity in respect of the
         Transaction shall cease without the Transaction being consummated,
         then, promptly after the written request of the Disclosing Party, the
         Receiving Party shall return to the Disclosing Party all Confidential
         Information which is in tangible form and which is then in its
         possession (or in the possession of any of its officers, directors or
         employees).

5.       Term. This Agreement shall continue indefinitely.

6.       Equitable Relief. The Receiving Party acknowledges and agrees that the
         Disclosing Party and GreenWay would be irreparably damaged in the event
         that any of the provisions of this Agreement are not performed by the
         Receiving Party in accordance with their specific terms or are
         otherwise breached. Accordingly, it is agreed that the Disclosing Party
         or GreenWay shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to
         prevent breaches of this Agreement by the Receiving Party and shall
         have the right to specifically enforce this Agreement and the terms and
         provisions hereof against the Receiving Party in addition to

                                       12

<PAGE>

                            GREENWAY CONSULTING, LLC
                                  CONFIDENTIAL

         any other remedy to which the Disclosing Party or GreenWay may be
         entitled in law or equity.

7.       Governing Law. This Agreement shall be a contract under the State of
         Minnesota and for all purposes shall be governed by and construed and
         enforced in accordance with the laws of Minnesota, excluding any choice
         of law provisions.

8.       Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure
         to the benefit of each of the Parties and their respective successors
         and permitted assigns.

9.       No Assignment or Delegation. Any assignment, delegation or attempted
         assignment or delegation of the rights or responsibilities established
         under this Agreement shall be null and void without the prior written
         duly executed consent by the party charged.

10.      Severability of Provisions. If any provision of this Agreement shall be
         held invalid in a court of law, the remaining provisions shall be
         construed as if the invalid provision were not included in this
         Agreement.

11.      Amendment of Agreement. This Agreement may only be amended or modified
         through a written duly executed instrument by the Parties hereto. Any
         attempted oral amendment or modification is ineffective and therefore
         null and void.

12.      No Implied Waiver of Provisions. Either Parties' failure to insist in
         any one or more instances upon strict performance by the other party of
         any of the terms of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver
         of any continuing or subsequent failure to perform or a delay in
         performance of any term hereof.

13.      Notices. Any notice required by this Agreement or given in connection
         with this Agreement, shall be in writing, hand delivered or sent via
         registered or certified mail, and shall be given to the appropriate
         party:

         If to Disclosing Party:      Oregon Trail Ethanol Coalition, L.L.C.
                                      102 West 6th Street
                                      Box 267
                                      Davenport, Nebraska 68335
                                      Attn: Mark L. Jagels, President

                  With a copy to:     Baird Holm Law Firm, LLC
                                      1500 Woodmen Tower
                                      Omaha, Nebraska 68102
                                      Attn: Victoria H. Finley

                                      GreenWay Consulting, LLC
                                      74 South County Road 22
                                      Morris, Minnesota 56267

         If to Receiving Party:
                                      ------------------------------------

                                      ------------------------------------

                                      ------------------------------------

                                       13

<PAGE>

                            GREENWAY CONSULTING, LLC
                                  CONFIDENTIAL

14.      Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes and contains the complete
         and final integrated agreement between the Parties regarding the
         subject matter herein. All prior negotiations, discussions and
         representations are merged into this Agreement. Each Party acknowledges
         that, except as expressly set forth herein, no representations of any
         kind or character have been made to it by any other party, or by any
         party's agents, representatives or attorneys, to induce the execution
         of this Agreement.

15.      Headings. Headings used in this Agreement are provided for convenience
         only and shall not be used to construe meaning or intent.

16.      Authority to Enter Agreement. The individuals signing this Agreement
         represent and guarantee each of them has the authority to bind their
         respective corporate entity or other principal.

17.      Copies of Agreement. A facsimile copy of this executed Agreement shall
         be deemed valid as if it were the original.


Executed as of the date first set forth above.


RECEIVING PARTY                          DISCLOSING PARTY

------------------------------------     Oregon Trail Ethanol Coalition, L.L.C.

By:                                      By:
    --------------------------------         --------------------------------
Its:                                     Its:
     -------------------------------          -------------------------------


cc:      GreenWay Consulting, LLC

                                       14