
                 MICROSOFT CORPORATION NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
                              (STANDARD RECIPROCAL)

     This Non-Disclosure Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and entered into as
of the later of the two signature dates below by and between (CHINESE
CHARACTERS) Microsoft (China) Co., Ltd., LTD, a PRC corporation ("Microsoft"),
and (CHINESE CHARACTERS) ATA Testing Authority, Beijing Co., Ltd. ("ATA"), a PRC
corporation ("Company").

     IN CONSIDERATION OF THE MUTUAL PROMISES AND COVENANTS CONTAINED IN THIS
AGREEMENT AND THE MUTUAL DISCLOSURE OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, THE PARTIES
HERETO AGREE AS FOLLOWS:

1.   Definition of Confidential Information and Exclusions.

     (a) "Confidential Information" means nonpublic information that a party to
this Agreement ("Disclosing Party") designates as being confidential to the
party that receives such information ("Receiving Party") or which, under the
circumstances surrounding disclosure ought to be treated as confidential by the
Receiving Party. "Confidential Information" includes, without limitation,
information in tangible or intangible form relating to and/or including released
or unreleased Disclosing Party software or hardware products, the marketing or
promotion of any Disclosing Party product, Disclosing Party's business policies
or practices, and information received from others that Disclosing Party is
obligated to treat as confidential. Except as otherwise indicated in this
Agreement, the term "Disclosing Party" also includes all Affiliates of the
Disclosing Party and, except as otherwise indicated, the term "Receiving Party"
also includes all Affiliates of the Receiving Party. An "Affiliate" means any
person, partnership, joint venture, corporation or other form of enterprise,
domestic or foreign, including but not limited to subsidiaries, that directly or
indirectly, control, are controlled by, or are under common control with a
party.

     (b) Confidential Information shall not include any information, however
designated, that: (i) is or subsequently becomes publicly available without
Receiving Party's breach of any obligation owed Disclosing Party; (ii) became
known to Receiving Party prior to Disclosing Party's disclosure of such
information to Receiving Party pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; (iii)
became known to Receiving Party from a source other than Disclosing Party other
than by the breach of an obligation of confidentiality owed to Disclosing Party;
(iv) is independently developed by Receiving Party; or (v) constitutes Feedback
(as defined in Section 5 of this Agreement).

2.   Obligations Regarding Confidential Information

     (a)  Receiving Party shall:

          (i)  Refrain from disclosing any Confidential Information of the
               Disclosing Party to third parties for five (5) years following
               the date that Disclosing Party first discloses such Confidential
               Information to Receiving Party, except as expressly provided in
               Sections 2(b) and 2(c) of this Agreement;

          (ii) Take reasonable security precautions, at least as great as the
               precautions it takes to protect its own confidential information,
               but no less than reasonable care, to keep confidential the
               Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party;

          (iii) Refrain from disclosing, reproducing, summarizing and/or
               distributing Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party
               except in pursuance of Receiving Party's business relationship
               with Disclosing Party, and only as otherwise provided hereunder;
               and

          (iv) Refrain from reverse engineering, decompiling or disassembling
               any software code and/or pre-release hardware devices disclosed
               by Disclosing Party to Receiving Party under the terms of this
               Agreement, except as expressly permitted by applicable law.

<PAGE>
Appendix J to Exhibit A

     (b) Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information of Disclosing
Party in accordance with a judicial or other governmental order, provided that
Receiving Party either (i) gives the undersigned Disclosing Party reasonable
notice prior to such disclosure to allow Disclosing Party a reasonable
opportunity to seek a protective order or equivalent, or (ii) obtains written
assurance from the applicable judicial or governmental entity that it will
afford the Confidential Information the highest level of protection afforded
under applicable law or regulation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Receiving
Party shall not disclose any computer source code that contains Confidential
Information of the Disclosing Party in accordance with a judicial or other
governmental order unless it complies with the requirement set forth in
sub-section (i) of this Section 2(b).

     (c) The undersigned Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information
only to Receiving Party's employees and consultants on a need-to-know basis. The
undersigned Receiving Party will have executed or shall execute appropriate
written agreements with its employees and consultants sufficient to enable
Receiving Party to enforce all the provisions of this Agreement.

     (d) Receiving Party shall notify the undersigned Disclosing Party
immediately upon discovery of any unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential
Information or any other breach of this Agreement by Receiving Party and its
employees and consultants, and will cooperate with Disclosing Party in every
reasonable way to help Disclosing Party regain possession of the Confidential
Information and prevent its further unauthorized use or disclosure.

     (e)Receiving Party shall, at Disclosing Party's request, return all
originals, copies, reproductions and summaries of Confidential Information and
all other tangible materials and devices provided to the Receiving Party as
Confidential Information, or at Disclosing Party's option, certify destruction
of the same.

3.   Remedies

     The parties acknowledge that monetary damages may not be a sufficient
remedy for unauthorized disclosure of Confidential Information and that
Disclosing Party shall be entitled, without waiving any other rights or
remedies, to such injunctive or equitable relief as may be deemed proper by a
court of competent jurisdiction.

4.   Miscellaneous

     (a) All Confidential Information is and shall remain the property of
Disclosing Party. By disclosing Confidential Information to Receiving Party,
Disclosing Party does not grant any express or implied right to Receiving Party
to or under any patents, copyrights, trademarks, or trade secret information
except as otherwise provided herein. Disclosing Party reserves without prejudice
the ability to protect its rights under any such patents, copyrights,
trademarks, or trade secrets except as otherwise provided herein.

     (b) In the event that the Disclosing Party provides any computer software
and/or hardware to the Receiving Party as Confidential Information under the
terms of this Agreement, such computer software and/or hardware may only be used
by the Receiving Party for evaluation and providing Feedback (as defined in
Section 5 of this Agreement) to the Disclosing Party. Unless otherwise agreed by
the Disclosing Party and the Receiving Party, all such computer software and/or
hardware is provided "AS IS" without warranty of any kind, and Receiving Party
agrees that neither Disclosing Party nor its suppliers shall be liable for any
damages whatsoever arising from or relating to Receiving Party's use of or
inability to use such software and/or hardware.

     (c) The parties agree to comply with all applicable international and
national laws that apply to (i) any Confidential Information, or (ii) any
product (or any part thereof), process or service that is the direct product of
the Confidential Information, including the U.S. Export Administration
Regulations, as well as end-user, end-use and destination restrictions issued by
U.S. and other governments. For additional information on exporting Microsoft
products, see http://www.microsoft.com/exporting/.

     (d) The terms of confidentiality under this Agreement shall not be
construed to limit either the Disclosing Party or the Receiving Party's right to
independently develop or acquire products without use of the other party's

<PAGE>
Appendix J to Exhibit A


Confidential Information. Further, the Receiving Party shall be free to use for
any purpose the residuals resulting from access to or work with the Confidential
Information of the Disclosing Party, provided that the Receiving Party shall not
disclose the Confidential Information except as expressly permitted pursuant to
the terms of this Agreement. The term "residuals" means information in
intangible form, which is retained in memory by persons who have had access to
the Confidential Information, including ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques
contained therein. The Receiving Party shall not have any obligation to limit or
restrict the assignment of such persons or to pay royalties for any work
resulting from the use of residuals. However, this sub-paragraph shall not be
deemed to grant to the Receiving Party a license under the Disclosing Party's
copyrights or patents.

     (e) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof. It shall not be modified except by a
written agreement dated subsequent to the date of this Agreement and signed by
both parties. None of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to have
been waived by any act or acquiescence on the part of Disclosing Party, the
Receiving Party, their agents, or employees, but only by an instrument in
writing signed by an authorized employee of Disclosing Party and the Receiving
Party. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall constitute a waiver of
any other provision(s) or of the same provision on another occasion.

     (f) If either Disclosing Party or the Receiving Party employs attorneys to
enforce any rights arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the prevailing
party shall be entitled to recover reasonable attorneys' fees and costs. This
Agreement shall be construed and controlled by the laws of the People's Republic
of China, and the parties further consent to submit any disputation arising from
and/or in connection with this Agreement to China International Economic & Trade
Arbitration Commission (CIETAC) for arbitration in Beijing in accordance with
the Commission's arbitration rules in effect at the time of applying for
arbitration. The arbitral award is final and binding upon both parties.

     (g) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each
party's respective successors and lawful assigns; provided, however, that
neither party may assign this Agreement (whether by operation of law, sale of
securities or assets, merger or otherwise), in whole or in part, without the
prior written approval of the other party. Any attempted assignment in violation
of this Section shall be void.

     (h) If any provision of this Agreement shall be held by a court of
competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the remaining
provisions shall remain in full force and effect.

     (i) Either party may terminate this Agreement with or without cause upon
ninety (90) days prior written notice to the other party. All sections of this
Agreement relating to the rights and obligations of the parties concerning
Confidential Information disclosed during the term of the Agreement shall
survive any such termination.

5.   Suggestions and Feedback

     The Receiving Party may from time to time provide suggestions, comments or
other feedback ("Feedback") to the Disclosing Party with respect to Confidential
Information provided originally by the Disclosing Party. Both parties agree that
all Feedback is and shall be given entirely voluntarily. Feedback, even if
designated as confidential by the party offering the Feedback, shall not, absent
a separate written agreement, create any confidentiality obligation for the
receiver of the Feedback. Receiving Party will not give Feedback that is subject
to license terms that seek to require any Disclosing Party product, technology,
service or documentation incorporating or derived from such Feedback, or any
Disclosing Party intellectual property, to be licensed or otherwise shared with
any third party. Furthermore, except as otherwise provided herein or in a
separate subsequent written agreement between the parties, the receiver of the
Feedback shall be free to use, disclose, reproduce, license or otherwise
distribute, and exploit the Feedback provided to it as it sees fit, entirely
without obligation or restriction of any kind on account of intellectual
property rights or otherwise.

<PAGE>

================================================================================
Appendix J to Exhibit A

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement.

(CHINESE CHARACTERS)                    (CHINESE CHARACTERS)
MICROSOFT (CHINA) CO., LTD.             ATA TESTING AUTHORITY, BEIJING CO., LTD.


By:                                     By:
    ---------------------------------       ------------------------------------
Name:                                   Name:
      -------------------------------         ----------------------------------
Title:                                  Title:
       ------------------------------          ---------------------------------
Date:                                   Date:
      -------------------------------         ----------------------------------


