<PAGE>
 
     [LETTERHEAD OF MERIDIAN POINT REALTY TRUST VIII COMPANY APPEARS HERE]

                                                                  EXHIBIT (c)(2)


                               February 10, 1998

David H. Hoster II
President and Chief Executive Officer
EASTGROUP PROPERTIES INC.
300 One Jackson Place
188 East Capitol Street
Jackson, MS 39201-2195

Re: EastGroup Offer to Merge

Dear Mr. Hoster:

     EastGroup Properties Inc. ("you" or "your") has requested information 
regarding Meridian Point Realty Trust VIII, (the "Company,") in connection with 
your consideration of the possible investment in or acquisition of all or part 
of the assets or equity of the Company (a "Possible Transaction"). In 
consideration of the Company furnishing you with the Evaluation Materials (as 
defined below) you agree as follows:

Confidentiality of Evaluation Materials
---------------------------------------

     You will treat confidentially any information (whether written or oral) 
that either the Company or its representatives furnish to you in connection with
a Possible Transaction involving the Company, together with analyses, 
compilations, studies or other documents prepared by you, or by your 
representatives (as defined below) which contain or otherwise reflect such 
information or your review of, or interest in, the Company (collectively, the 
"Evaluation Materials"). You recognize and acknowledge the confidential and 
non-public nature of the Evaluation Materials, the competitive value of the 
Evaluation Materials, and the damage that could result to the Company if the
Evaluation Materials were used or disclosed except as authorized by this
Agreement.

     The term "Evaluation Materials" includes information furnished to you 
orally or in writing (whatever the form or storage medium) or gathered by 
inspection regarding the Company, and regardless of whether such information is 
specifically identified as "confidential". The term "Evaluation Materials" does 
not include information which (i) is or becomes generally available to the 
public other

<PAGE>
 
David H. Hoster II
February 10, 1998
Page 2

than as a result of a disclosure by you or your representatives, (ii) was or 
becomes available to you on a non-confidential basis from a source other than 
the Company or its representatives, provided that such source is not prohibited 
from disclosing such information to you by a contractual, legal or fiduciary 
obligation to the Company or its representatives, or (iii) is independently 
developed by you.

Use of Evaluation Materials
---------------------------

     You will not use any of the Evaluation Materials for any purpose other than
the exclusive purpose of evaluating a Possible Transaction. You and your 
representatives will keep the Evaluation Materials completely confidential; 
provided, however, that (i) any of such information may only be disclosed to 
-----------------
those of your directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives (including
attorneys, accountants and financial advisors), lenders and other sources of 
financing (collectively, "your representatives") who need to know such 
information for the purpose of evaluating a Possible Transaction between you and
the Company (it being understood that your representatives shall be informed by 
you of the confidential nature of such information and shall be directed by you,
and shall each expressly agree, to treat such information confidentially in 
accordance with this Agreement), (ii) you may disclose Evaluation Materials that
you have been advised by counsel are required to be disclosed under applicable 
securities laws; and (iii) any other disclosure of such information may only be 
made if the Company consents in writing prior to any such disclosure. Without 
limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that a Possible 
Transaction is not consummated neither you nor your representatives shall use 
any of the Evaluation Materials for any purpose. You will be responsible for any
breach of this Agreement by your representatives.

     Other than with respect to those Evaluation Materials you have been advised
by counsel are required to be disclosed under applicable securities laws, in the
event that you or any of your representatives receive a request or are required 
(by deposition, interrogatory, request for documents, subpoena, 
civil investigative demand or similar process) to disclose all or any part of 
the Evaluation Materials, you or your representatives, as the case may be, agree
to (i) immediately notify the Company of the existence, terms and circumstances 
surrounding such a request, (ii) consult with the Company on the advisability of
taking legally available steps to resist or narrow such request and (iii) assist
the Company in seeking a protective order or other appropriate remedy. In the 
event that such
<PAGE>
 
David H. Hoster II
February 10, 1998
Page 3


protective order or other remedy is not obtained or that the Company waives 
compliance with the provisions hereof, (i) you or your representatives, as the 
case may be, may disclose to any tribunal only that portion of the Evaluation 
Materials which you are advised by counsel is legally required to be disclosed, 
and shall exercise your best efforts to obtain assurance that confidential 
treatment will be accorded such Evaluation Materials and (ii) you shall not be
liable for such disclosure unless disclosure to any such tribunal was caused by
or resulted from a previous disclosure by you or your representatives not
permitted by this Agreement.


Non-Disclosure
--------------

     The disclosure of your access to the Evaluation Materials at this time 
could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business and the pursuit 
of its strategic alternatives if for any reason a Possible Transaction is not 
consummated. Accordingly, unless required by applicable law, including 
applicable securities laws that counsel has advised you require disclosure of 
Evaluation Materials, you agree that without the prior written consent of the 
Company, you will not, and you will direct your representatives not to, disclose
to any person either the fact that you have been provided access to the 
Evaluation Materials or that discussions or negotiations are taking place 
concerning a Possible Transaction between you and the Company as a result 
thereof, or any of the terms, conditions or other facts with respect to any such
Possible Transaction, including the status thereof. The term "person" as used in
this letter shall be broadly interpreted to include, without limitation, any 
corporation, the Company, governmental agency or body, stock exchange, 
partnership, association or individual.


Return of Documents
-------------------

     Upon the Company's request, you shall promptly deliver to the Company or 
destroy all written Evaluation Materials and any other written materials without
retaining, in whole or in part, any copies, extracts or other reproductions 
(whatever the form or storage medium) of such materials, and shall certify the 
destruction of such materials in writing to the Company.
<PAGE>
 
David H. Hoster II
February 10, 1998
Page 4

No Unauthorized Contact or Solicitation
---------------------------------------

     During the course of your evaluation, all inquiries and other 
communications are to be made directly to employees or representatives of the 
Company as specified by the Company.  You also agree not to discuss with or 
offer to any third party an equity participation in a Possible Transaction or 
any other form of joint acquisition by you and such third party that involves 
use of the Evaluation Materials without the Company's prior written consent.

No Representation or Warranty
-----------------------------

     Although the Company has endeavored to include in the Evaluation Materials 
information which it believes to be relevant for the purpose of your 
investigation, you acknowledge and agree that none of the Company or the 
Company's representatives or agents is making any representation or warranty, 
expressed or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the Evaluation 
Materials, and none of the Company or the Company's other representatives or 
agents, nor any of their respective officers, directors, employees, 
representatives, stockholders, owners, affiliates, advisors or agents, will have
any liability to you or any other person resulting from the use of Evaluation 
Materials by you or any of your representatives.  Only those representations or 
warranties that are made to you in a formal written agreement involving your 
investment in or acquisition of all or part of the assets or equity of the 
Company, when, as, and if it is executed, and subject to such limitations and 
restrictions as may be specified in such agreement, will have any legal effect.

     You also acknowledge and agree that no contract or agreement shall be 
deemed to exist between you and the Company unless and until a formal written 
agreement has been executed and delivered by you and each of the other parties 
thereto, and you hereby waive, in advance, any claims (including, without 
limitation, breach of contract) in connection with a Possible Transaction unless
and until a formal written agreement has been executed and delivered by you and 
each of the other parties thereto; provided, however, that nothing herein shall 
be deemed a waiver or release of any claim or action that you may have as a 
shareholder of the Company, based upon your status as a shareholder.  You also 
agree that unless and until a formal written agreement between the Company and 
you with respect to a Possible Transaction has been executed and delivered by 
you and each of the other parties thereto, there shall not be any legal 
obligation of any kind whatsoever with respect to any such transaction by virtue
of this Agreement or any other written or oral expression with respect to such 
transaction except, in

<PAGE>
 
David H. Hoster II
February 10, 1998
Page 5


the case of this Agreement, for the matters specifically agreed to herein. For 
purposes of this Agreement, the term "formal written agreement" does not include
an executed letter of intent or any other preliminary written agreement, nor 
does it include any oral acceptance of an offer or bid by you.

        You further understand and agree that (i) the Company shall be free to 
conduct the process for a Possible Transaction as it in its sole discretion 
shall determine (including, without limitation, negotiating with any prospective
interested parties and entering into a formal agreement without prior notice to 
you or to any other person), (ii) any procedures relating to such Possible 
Transaction may be changed at any time without notice to you or any other person
and (iii) unless and until a formal written agreement concerning the Possible 
Transaction has been executed, neither the Company or any of its directors, 
officers, employees, stockholders, owners, affiliates, agents or representatives
will have any liability to you with respect to the Possible Transaction, whether
by virtue of this letter agreement, any other written or oral expression 
regarding a Possible Transaction or otherwise.

Legal Remedy
------------

        You understand and agree that money damages would not be a sufficient 
remedy for any breach of this Agreement by you or your representatives and that 
the Company will be entitled to specific performance and injunctive relief as 
remedies for any such breach. Such remedies shall not be deemed to be the 
exclusive remedies for a breach of this Agreement by your or your 
representatives but shall be in addition to all other remedies available at law 
or equity provided however any suit for damages shall be specifically limited to
actual provable damages, and Company hereby waives any and all rights to seek 
consequential, punitive, treble or other compensatory damages of any types or 
kind.

Other
-----

        This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties 
hereto regarding the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be changed only 
by a written agreement signed by the parties hereto or their authorized 
representatives.

        This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the 
laws of the State of California, without regard to the conflicts of law 
principles thereof.
<PAGE>
 
David H. Hoster II
February 10, 1998
Page 6







     If you are in agreement within the foregoing, please sign and return one 
copy of this letter, it being understood that all counterpart copies will 
constitute but one agreement with respect to the subject matter of this letter.

Very truly yours,

MERIDIAN POINT REALTY TRUST VIII



By:   /s/ Robert H. Gidel
     ------------------------------------
     Robert H. Gidel
     Chief Executive Officer


Accepted and Agreed:

EASTGROUP PROPERTIES INC.



By:    /s/ David H. Hoster II
     ------------------------------------
     David H. Hoster II
     President and Chief Executive Officer