<PAGE>

                              NON-COMPETITION AGREEMENT

   THIS NON-COMPETITION AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is made and entered into as 
of the 11th day of AUGUST, 1997, by and among TELECO ACQUISITION CORP., an 
Ohio corporation (the "Company"), JON SATTERTHWAITE ("Shareholder"), and 
TELECOMM INDUSTRIES CORP., A DELAWARE CORPORATION ("Parent" and/or 
"Telecomm")

                                      RECITALS:

A.  The Company is acquiring the assets of Unitel, Inc., a telecommunications
    businesses (the "Asset Purchase Agreement") of which Shareholder is an
    owner and executive officer, pursuant to the terms of an Assets Purchase
    Agreement.

B.  The Company is concurrently engaging Shareholder as an executive officer
    pursuant to the terms of an Employment Agreement.

C.  Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent and Parent has guaranteed
    Shareholder's Employment Agreement.

D.  To induce the Company to consummate the Asset Purchase Agreement and
    employ Shareholder as an executive officer, and to further induce the
    Parent to guarantee the Employment Agreement of Shareholder, Shareholder
    agrees to the terms, conditions and restrictions of this Agreement.

    NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained herein
and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt, adequacy and sufficiency
of which is acknowledged, the Company and Shareholder agree as follows:

SECTION 1. - COVENANT NOT TO COMPETE

         a)   DEFINITIONS.  The following terms will have the meanings set
              forth below:

i)   "Company's Affiliates" means Telecomm and any subsidiary or commonly 
     owned corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint 
     venture, or other entity of Telecomm.

ii)  "Compete" means to manage, operate, control, or participate in, or 
     have any ownership interest in, or make loans to, or guaranty loans for, 
     or act as surety for, or aid or advise as an employee, officer, 
     director, consultant, agent or otherwise, whether directly or 
     indirectly, any business (whether an individual, sole proprietorship, 
     partnership, corporation, firm, joint venture, trust, or other entity) 
     which is engaged in any business in which the Company or the Company's 
     Affiliates is engaged.

iii) "Restricted Area" means any state, territory, province or other
     jurisdiction of the United States of America or Canada in which the 
     Company or the Company's


                                          1

<PAGE>

     Affiliates engage in or solicit business, or plan to engage in or solicit
     business (as evidenced by business records existing at the time of
     termination if known to Shareholder), at any time during Shareholder's
     employment with the Company or any of the Company's Affiliates.  The
     Restricted Area is deemed to include, at a minimum, the States of 
     Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Ohio, Kentucky and Wisconsin.

iv)  "Restricted Period" means during the Shareholder's employment with the
     Company or any of the Company's Affiliates and continuing for a period of
     three (3) years following the date of termination, but in all events for a
     period of not less than five (5) years following the date of this
     Agreement.

v)   "Shareholder's Affiliates" means, collectively and individually:  Any
     trust, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture,
     or other entity for the benefit of, controlled by, or under common control
     with, directly or indirectly, Shareholder.

         b)  IN GENERAL.  As a consequence of Shareholder's prior ownership 
and operation of Unitel, Inc. and employment with the Company or any of the 
Company's Affiliates, Shareholder has and will receive and deal with 
confidential information and business methods which are the exclusive 
property of the Company and the Company's Affiliates, including, but not 
limited to, its financial data, market data, business practices, pricing 
techniques, market development techniques, acquisition and development plans, 
and relationships with customers and suppliers.  Shareholder further 
acknowledges that the confidential information acquired from the Merged 
Companies or the Company or the Company's Affiliates are of such a value and 
nature as to make it reasonable and necessary for the protection of the 
Company and the Company's Affiliates that Shareholder not Compete with the 
Company or the Company's Affiliates within the area and for a period of time 
hereinafter set forth, and that the Company and the Company's Affiliates will 
be irreparably injured, and the value of their capital stock and goodwill 
irreparably damaged, if Shareholder were to use or disclose any of the 
confidential information concerning the Company or the Company's Affiliates 
which Shareholder has acquired or will acquire, or if Shareholder were to 
Compete with the Company or any of the Company's Affiliates.

         Accordingly, except as hereinafter set forth, Shareholder 
represents, warrants, covenants and agrees that during the Restricted Period, 
neither Shareholder nor Shareholder's Affiliates will Compete with the Company 
or any of the Company's Affiliates in the Restricted Area.

         Without limiting the generality of the foregoing restrictive 
covenant, Shareholder further represents, warrants, covenants and agrees that 
neither Shareholder nor any of Shareholder's Affiliates will, during the 
Restricted Period:  (i) promote the business of any person or entity engaged 
in a business which Competes with the Company or any of the Company's 
Affiliates; (ii) solicit, divert or take away or attempt to solicit, divert 
or take away any of the Company's or any of the Company's Affiliate's 
customers, distributors, suppliers or patronage; (iii) attempt to seek or 
cause any of the Company's or any of the Company's Affiliates clients or 
customers to refrain from patronizing the Company or any of the Company's 
Affiliates; or (iv) employ or engage or attempt to employ or engage in any 
capacity any person employed or contracted by the Company or any of the 
Company's

                                          2

<PAGE>

Affiliates at the date of termination of Shareholder's employment with the
Company and any of the Company's Affiliates.

         c)  REASONABLENESS OF RESTRICTIONS.  Shareholder acknowledges that:  
(i) Shareholder's experience and capabilities are such that the provisions of 
this Section 1 will not prevent Shareholder from earning a livelihood; (ii) 
the services to be rendered by Shareholder to the Company and the Company's 
Affiliates are of a special nature and it would be very difficult or 
impossible to replace those services; (iii) the terms and conditions 
contained in this Section 1 and Section 2 are reasonable and necessary for 
the protection of the Company and the Company's Affiliates; and (iv) the 
Company and the Company's Affiliates cannot be adequately compensated with 
monetary damages for any violation by Shareholder of any of the provisions of 
this Section 1 and/or Section 2.

     Accordingly, Shareholder agrees and consents that if Shareholder 
violates any of the provisions contained in this Section 1 or Section 2, the 
Company and the Company's Affiliates will be entitled to seek injunctive from 
any court of competent jurisdiction, without bond, restraining Shareholder 
from committing or continuing any violation of this Section 1 or Section 2.  
The Company and the Company's Affiliates will also be entitled to any other 
remedies they may have at law, in equity, under this Agreement, or otherwise.

         d)  SUSPENSION OF RESTRICTED PERIOD.  In the event Shareholder 
breaches any obligations, representations, warranties or covenants as set 
forth herein, the Restricted Period will be tolled from the date of the 
breach until such time as the violation(s) ceases, and the Restricted Period 
extended for a period equal to the period of breach.

         e)  SEVERABILITY.  Shareholder agrees that each of the covenants set 
forth in this Section 1 and in Section 2 is a separate and distinct covenant, 
independent of others and any other provision of this Agreement, and that the 
illegality or invalidity of any one, or more of the covenants or any part of 
one or more of them, will not render the others illegal or invalid.  If the 
invalidity or unenforceability is due to the unreasonableness of the time or 
geographical area covered by said covenants, then said covenants will 
nevertheless be enforced to the maximum extent permitted by law and effective 
for such period of time and for such area as may be determined to be 
reasonable by a court of competent jurisdiction, and the parties hereby 
consent and agree that such scope may be judicially modified in any 
proceeding brought to enforce such covenants.

         f)  INDEPENDENT SIGNIFICANCE.  The covenants set forth in this 
Section 1 and the covenants of confidentiality contained in Section 2 below 
are of the essence of this Agreement and will be construed as independent of 
any other of the provisions of this Agreement, the Merger Agreement and the 
Employment Agreement, and the existence of any claim or cause of action of 
Shareholder against the Company or the Company's Affiliates, whether 
predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, will not constitute a defense to 
the enforcement by the Company or any of the Company's Affiliates of any of 
said covenants.

                                          3
<PAGE>

SECTION 2. - CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION

          a)   NON-DISCLOSURE - IN GENERAL.  From the date hereof, Shareholder
will maintain in strict confidence and will not, directly or indirectly, or
through Shareholder's Affiliates, divulge, transmit, publish, release, or
otherwise use of cause to be used in any manner contrary to the interests of the
Company or any of the Company's Affiliates, any confidential information
relating to the Company's or any of the Company's Affiliates' systems,
operations, products, services, business methods, management practices,
contracts, computer programs and data bases, records, development data and
reports, quality control specifications, cost analyses, flow charts, know-how,
consumer lists, supplier lists, prospects, market development programs,
acquisition programs, personnel data, or any information relating to customers,
suppliers, products, sales, acquisitions, acquisition plans, financial
structure, or pricing, and other information of like nature.  Shareholder
acknowledges that all information regarding the Company or the Company's
Affiliates compiled or obtained by, or furnished to Shareholder regarding the
Company, the Company's Affiliates or their respective businesses is confidential
information and the Company's and the Company's Affiliates' exclusive property.
Upon demand by the Company, and in any event upon termination of Shareholder's
services, Shareholder will deliver to the Company all original and facsimile
records, documents and data in Shareholder's possession or under Shareholder's
control, or in Shareholder's Affiliates' possession or under Shareholder's
Affiliates' control, pertaining to the Company or any of the Company's
Affiliates.

          b)   EXCEPTIONS.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, this provision does
not apply to the extent, and only to the extent, that such information is
clearly obtainable in the public domain through no fault of Shareholder or
Shareholder's Affiliates.

SECTION 3. - NON-WAIVER

     The failure of either party at any time or from time to time to require
performance of any of the other party's obligations under this Agreement will in
no matter affect such party's rights to enforce any provision of this Agreement
at a subsequent time, and the waiver by either party of any right arising out of
any breach will not be construed as a waiver of any right arising out of any
subsequent breach.

SECTION 4. - NOTICES

     All notices and other communications hereunder will be in writing and will
be either personally delivered or mailed by certified mail, return receipt
requested, addressed as follows:

To Employee:                            Jon Satterthwaite
                                        744 N. Arlington Avenue
                                        Indianapolis, Indiana  46219

With a copy to:                         Mr. Robert W. Zentz, Esq.
                                        Frank & Kraft
                                        1st Indiana Plaza
                                        Indianapolis, Indiana  46204


                                        4

<PAGE>

To the Company:                         Teleco Acquisition Corp.
                                        9310 Progress Parkway
                                        Mentor, Ohio 44060

With a copy to:                         Melvyn E. Resnick, Esquire
                                        Dworken & Bernstein Co., L.P.A.
                                        153 East Erie Street, Suite 304
                                        Painesville, Ohio 44077

Either party may designate a different address pursuant to all written notices
to each other party complying as to delivery with the terms of this Section.
All such notices and other communications will be effective when deposited in
the mail or upon personal delivery, addressed as aforesaid.

SECTION 5. - MISCELLANEOUS

          a)   AMENDMENTS.  This Agreement may be amended from time to time as
the parties desire, so long as such amendments are in writing and executed by
the parties hereto.

          b)   ASSIGNMENT.  This Agreement is personal services to Shareholder
and may not be assigned or transferred by Shareholder to, or the obligations of
Shareholder fulfilled by, any other person or entity.  Similarly, this Agreement
and the rights and obligations thereunder may not be assigned by the Company to
any other person or entity, except to any and all successors in interest to the
Company or the Company's Affiliates (whether by way of sale, exchange,
disposition, merger, consolidation, reorganization or otherwise).

          c)   ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  This Agreement contains the entire agreement
between the parties hereto regarding the subject matter hereof and supersedes
all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, negotiations, and
discussions, whether oral or written, respecting the within subject matter.

          d)   GOVERNING LAW.  This Agreement will be governed by, and construed
in accordance with, the laws of the State of Ohio. Non-exclusive venue and
jurisdiction for any action arising hereunder will be in the Courts of Common
Pleas of Cuyahoga County, Ohio or in federal courts situated in the Northern
District of Ohio (Eastern Division), in addition to any other courts having
venue and jurisdiction.  Each party irrevocably consents to the personal and
subject matter jurisdiction of said courts.

          e)   BINDING EFFECT.  This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to
the benefit of the Company, its successors and assigns, and Seller, and Seller's
heirs, representatives and permitted assigns.  The terms of this Agreement, as
they relate to the Company's Affiliates, will also inure to the benefit of the
Company's Affiliates, their successors and assigns.

          f)   RECITALS.  The recitals hereto are an integral part of this
Agreement and are incorporated herein by reference.


                                        5

<PAGE>

          g)   COSTS AND EXPENSES.  Each party will bear such party's own costs
and expenses in connection with the negotiation and preparation of this
Agreement.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the date
first written above.

                                        "SHAREHOLDER"


                                        /s/ Jon Satterthwaite
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                        Jon Satterthwaite


                                        "COMPANY"

                                        TELECO ACQUISITION CORP.
                                        AN OHIO CORPORATION


                                        By:  /s/ James Lowrey
                                           -------------------------------------
                                             James Lowrey, Chairman


                                        "PARENT"/ "TELECOMM"
                                        TELECOMM INDUSTRIES CORP.


                                        By:  /s/ James Lowrey
                                           -------------------------------------
                                             James Lowrey, Chairman


                                        6