

                                     ANNEX E

                            NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT

     This Agreement made and entered into this 10th day of July, 1996
("Effective Date"), by and between SHARP CORPORATION, a Japanese corporation,
having its principal place of business at 22-22, Nagaike-cho, Abeno-ku, Osaka,
Japan (hereinafter called "Sharp") and Hybrid Networks, Inc., an American
corporation, having its principal place of business at 10161 Bubb Road,
Cupertino, California 95014-4167 (hereinafter called "Hybrid Networks").

                                   WITNESSETH:

     WHEREAS, Sharp and Hybrid Networks both have as their purpose an interest
in exploring a possible business relationship and in order for the parties to
explore this relationship, it may be necessary for the parties to disclose
certain of their proprietary and other information to each other, which
information each of the parties regards as confidential.  This confidential
information relates to Cable Data Modem.

     NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:

          1.   (a)  All of the confidential information (hereinafter
                    "Confidential Information"), including, without limitation,
                    all information relating to business plans, financial or
                    technical matters, trade secrets, designs, know-how,
                    inventions, operations and any other information received or
                    acquired by one party ("Receiving Party") from the other
                    ("Disclosing Party") in the course of exploring the possible
                    business relationship shall be in written form and marked
                    "Confidential," with the name of the Disclosing Party and
                    the date of disclosure.  If the Confidential Information is
                    initially disclosed orally, it shall be reduced to written
                    form by the Disclosing Party (including the date of the oral
                    disclosure and name of the Disclosing Party) and presented
                    or mailed to the Receiving Party within fifteen (15) days of
                    the first oral disclosure.

               (b)  The Confidential Information shall remain the property of
                    the Disclosing Party.

               (c)  All information disclosed which is not marked
                    "Confidential," or not reduced to written form and marked
                    "Confidential" if initially disclosed orally shall be
                    considered to be non-confidential and shall not be subject
                    to the obligations imposed by this Agreement.  All
                    Confidential Information disclosed under this Agreement
                    shall be limited to the subject matter mentioned in the
                    Recital.  The existence and terms of this Agreement shall be
                    treated as Confidential Information.

                                       1

<PAGE>

          2.   The Receiving Party shall:

               (a)  hold the Confidential Information in confidence and not
                    disclose it to third parties, except in the limited cases
                    referred to in paragraph "6"; and

               (b)  not use the Confidential Information for any purpose other
                    than exploring or examining the possibility of a business
                    relationship between the parties.

          3.   Either party hereto shall have the right, at any time, to
               terminate in writing and discussions and exchange of information
               in connection with the exploration of the possibilities of a
               business relationship between the parties without any further
               obligations or liabilities to the other party, other than the
               obligations of confidentiality hereunder, or any right or
               obligation relating to the Confidential Information hereunder.

          4.(i)     The obligations of the above paragraph "2" shall not apply
                    to any information which:

               (a)  is available to the public through no breach of this
                    Agreement by the Receiving Party; or

               (b)  was in the possession of the Receiving Party prior to
                    receipt from the Disclosing Party; or

               (c)  is received independently from a third party who is free to
                    disclose such information to the Receiving Party; or

               (d)  is subsequently independently developed by the Receiving
                    Party; or

               (e)  has been or is made public by the Disclosing Party, such as
                    by commercial use or sale or by publications or patents, or
                    otherwise; or

               (f)  is approved for release by written consent of the Disclosing
                    Party.

            (ii)    Disclosure of Confidential Information shall not be
                    precluded if such disclosure is pursuant to the requirement
                    or request of a governmental agency or by operation of law. 
                    Provided, however, the Receiving Party shall promptly give a
                    written notice to the Disclosing party so that the
                    Disclosing Party may seek an appropriate protective order.

          5.   All Confidential Information delivered to and/or in the
               possession of the Receiving Party shall be returned or delivered
               to the Disclosing Party, with all copies made thereof, in
               whatever form, if the Disclosing Party so requests.

          6.   The Receiving Party agrees that the Confidential Information
               shall be disclosed to only those people within its respective
               organizations or its agents, consultants, representatives or
               advisors who have a need to know the information 

                                       2


<PAGE>

               and who are obligated under terms no less restrictive than those
               imposed by this Agreement on the Receiving Party.

          7.   Each party shall have the right to refuse to accept any
               information under this Agreement, and nothing herein shall
               obligate either party to disclose to the other party any
               particular information.  Further, each party acknowledges that no
               contract or agreement providing for a business relationship, of
               any nature, shall be deemed to exist unless and until a final
               definitive agreement has been executed and delivered.

          8.   If any official approval is required by a government authority or
               disclose the Confidential Information hereunder, such disclosure
               is subject to that approval.  Both parties shall comply in all
               respects with applicable laws, regulations and court orders,
               including but not limited to laws and regulations on export
               control, in both parties' countries and other applicable
               countries.

          9.   Disclosure of any information under this Agreement, or otherwise,
               shall not be construed as granting, directly or by implication,
               any license under or interest of any kind in any patent, patent
               application, copyright or other intellectual property rights.

          10.  The Disclosing Party represents and warrants that it has the
               right to disclose the information disclosed under the terms of
               this Agreement and that disclosure of this information does not
               conflict with the terms of any agreement between the Disclosing
               Party and a third party.

          11.  The parties hereto shall not be obligated to compensate each
               other for the disclosure and/or use pursuant to the terms of this
               Agreement of any information exchanged in connection with this
               Agreement or the discussions between the parties.

          12.  This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements, understandings,
               representations and statements, whether oral or written, between
               the parties relating to the disclosure of the Confidential
               Information.  The terms of this Agreement may not be changed
               except by subsequent written agreement duly signed by an officer
               of each of the parties.

          13.  Subject to Paragraph "4" hereof, the obligation of the Receiving
               Party provided in Paragraph "2" hereof shall continue for three
               (3) years from the date of each receipt of the Confidential
               Information, even after termination of this Agreement according
               to paragraph "3" hereof.

          14.  This Agreement shall be governed, construed and interpreted in
               accordance with the laws of Japan.

          15.  The Receiving Party acknowledges that remedies of damages may be
               inadequate to protect against breach of this Agreement and the
               Receiving Party agrees in 

                                       3

<PAGE>

               advance to the granting of injunctive or other equitable relief
               to the Disclosing Party in addition to any other remedy which may
               be available to the Disclosing Party.

          16.  The Disclosing Party does not make any representation or
               warranty, except as may be specifically provided in writing, as
               to the accuracy or completeness of the Confidential Information,
               or as to its utility or suitability for any purpose of the
               Receiving Party and the Disclosing Party expressly disclaims any
               right of the Receiving Party to rely thereon, or any liability to
               the Receiving Party resulting from the use of the Confidential
               Information.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties by their duly authorized representatives
have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date first set forth above.

HYBRID NETWORKS, INC.              SHARP CORPORATION

By: /s/ Carl S. Ledbetter          By: /s/ Akira Mitarai          
   ----------------------------      -----------------------------
Typed Name:  Carl S. Ledbetter     Typed Name:  Akira Mitarai     
           --------------------               --------------------
Title:  President & CFO            Title:  Corporate Director     
      -------------------------          -------------------------
Date:  10 July, 1996               Date:  10 July 1996            
      -------------------------          -------------------------



                                       4
