
 STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA

COUNTY OF CHARLESTON

           LICENSE, CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT

     THIS  AGREEMENT (the  "Agreement')  is effective as of the 1st' of January,
1996, by and between ENVIROMETRICS PRODUCTS COMPANY, a corporation organized and
existing  under the laws of South  Carolina  and having its  principal  place of
business at 1019 Bankton Drive,  Charleston,  South Carolina, 29406 (hereinafter
the "Company"),  and ZELLWEGER ANALYTICS, INC., a company organized and existing
under  the laws of  Texas,  and its  subsidiaries  and  affiliates,  having  its
principal place of business at 405 Barclay  Boulevard,  Lincolnshire,  Illinois,
60069 (hereinafter the "Master Distributor").

     WHEREAS,  the Company is engaged in the Business of the Company  throughout
the  United  States  and,  in the course of such  activities,  has  acquired  or
developed  certain  Trade  Secrets,  Confidential  Information  and  Proprietary
Information (as such terms are  hereinafter  defined) not generally known in the
Company's industry or otherwise;

     WHEREAS,  such Trade  Secrets,  Confidential  Information  and  Proprietary
Information provide the Company with a competitive  advantage in the marketplace
in which it competes;

     WHEREAS,  the Company and Master  Distributor  have  entered  into a Master
Distributorship Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, pursuant to which Master
Distributor  will promote,  market,  and sell Products to  Sub-Distributors  and
Customers  in the  Territory,  as is more  particularly  defined  in the  Master
Distributorship Agreement

     WHEREAS,  as a  result  of  the  execution  of the  Master  Distributorship
Agreement,  Master  Distributor  is  in  a  position  involving  the  trust  and
confidence of the Company and will receive access to the Companys Trade Secrets,
Confidential  Information and Proprietary  Information,  and, through the use of
Company facilities or resources,  may develop,  or contribute to the development
of,   additional  Trade  Secrets,   Confidential   Information  and  Proprietary
Information; and

     WHEREAS,  the  Company  and  Master  Distributor  are  entering  into  this
Agreement  in  order  to  protect  the  Company's  Trade  Secrets,  Confidential
Information and Proprietary Information.

     NOW   THEREFORE,   in   consideration   of  the  execution  of  the  Master
Distributorship Agreement, the mutual agreements contained herein and other good
and  valuable  consideration,  the receipt and  sufficiency  of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereto do hereby agree as follows:

1. Definitions.

          (a) The ACT  Monitoring  Card System TM. The term "The ACT  Monitoring
     Card System TM means the system  composed of the ACT Electronic  Reader and
     the  Cards,  which  system  has  been  developed  and  is  currently  being
     distributed by the Company as part of the Business of Company.

          (b)  ACT Electronic Reader. The term "ACT Electronic Reader" means the
device produced by or on behalf of the Company to read the Cards.

          (c)  Business of Company.  The term  "Business  of Company"  means the
     research,  design,  development,  manufacture,  sale  and  service  of  air
     monitoring  and other  environmental  testing  technologies  and  products,
     including the Products.

          (d) Cards.  The term "Cards" means the cards  developed by the Company
     and  used  by  the  ACT  Electronic  Reader  to  perform  the  function  of
     quantitatively measuring elements present in the atmosphere,  and the cards
     used for qualitative measurement which are read visually.

          (e) Competing Business. 'Me term "Competing Business" means any person
     or entity in the same  business or  substantially  the same business as the
     Business of Company.

          (f) Competing  Product.  The term  "Competing  Product" means any good
     that performs substantially the same functions as either of the Cards.

          (g)  Confidential  Information.  The term  "Confidential  Information'
     means any and all data and information  relating to the business  conducted
     by the Company (whether constituting a Trade Secret or not) which is or has
     been disclosed to Master  Distributor or of which Master Distributor became
     aware as a  consequence  of or through his  relationship  with  Company and
     which  has  value  to  the  Company  and  is  not  generally  known  by its
     competitors;   provided,   however,   no   information   will   be   deemed
     "confidential"  unless  such  information  is  treated  by the  Company  as
     confidential.  Confidential  Information  shall  not  include  any  data or
     information  that has  been  voluntarily  disclosed  to the  public  by the
     Company  (except  where  such  public  disclosure  has been  made by Master
     Distributor or any other person or entity without  authorization),  or that
     has been independently developed and disclosed by others (except where such
     independent  development and disclosure has been made by Master Distributor
     or any other person or entity  without  authorization),  or that  otherwise
     enters the public domain through lawful means.

          (h)  Copyrights.  The term  "Copyrights"  means all original  works of
     authorship  including  literary,  artistic,  pictorial,  graphic  and other
     intellectual  works  owned or claimed by the Company  which are  registered
     with the United  States  Copyright  Office or the  copyright  office of any
     nation, state or political jurisdiction within the Territory,  are eligible
     to be so  registered,  or are entitled to  protection by and under the laws
     and treaties of the United States or the substantial equivalent laws of any
     political subdivision, nation and/or state within the Territory.

          i)  Customer.  The term  "Customer"  means any  end-user  of a Product
     "Intellectual   Property".  The  term  "Intellectual  Property"  means  the
     Copyrights,  Marks and  Patents,  collectively  or in  combination,  as the
     context suggests.

          (k)  Marks.  The term  "Marks"  means all  trade  names,  word  marks,
     trademarks, service marks and logos or designs (including any @e dress that
     is  susceptible  to  protection  under the laws of the United States or any
     other political  subdivision in the  Territory),  whether or not registered
     with the United States Patent and Trademark  Office or trademark  office or
     registry  of  any  nation,  state  or  political  jurisdiction  within  the
     Territory,  placed upon or used in connection  with the Business of Company
     or the sale,  distribution,  promotion and marketing of the Products or any
     other goods or  services  provided or  distributed  by Company,  including,
     without limitation,  "ACT and design," "Air-Chem  Technologies W" and "The
     ACT Monitoring Card System TM",  together with any and all other marks that
     may be developed  for use or are used in  connection  with the marketing or
     distribution  of the  Products or any other  goods or services  provided or
     distributed  by Company;  provided,  however,  the term  "Marks"  shall not
     include the trademarks and, which are owned by Master Distributor.

          (1) Master Distributorship  Agreement The term "Master Distributorship
     Agreement"  means that certain  Agreement by and between Company and Master
     Distributor dated as of the 1st day of January, 1996.

          (m) Patents. The term "Patents" means all inventions or letters patent
     owned or obtained by or on behalf of Company, and which are registered with
     the United  States  Patent  and  Trademark  Office or the patent  office or
     registry in any political subdivision,  nation or state in the Territory or
     are eligible for  registration  and/or other  protection under the laws and
     treaties of the United States or of any other political subdivision, nation
     or state in the Territory.

          (n) Products.  The term "Products"  means and includes the Products to
     be distributed by the Master  Distributor under the Master  Distributorship
     Agreement.

          (o)  Proprietary  Information.  The term  "Proprietary  Information"
     means  all of the  following  materials  and  information,  whether  or not
     patentable or protected or protectable, by copyright or equivalent design,
     registration  law or regulation existing from time to time with any part of
     the Territory, to which Master Distributor has received access or which
     Master Distributor  receives,  develops,  or has developed,  in whole or in
     part,  as a direct or  indirect  result of  performing  this  Agreement  or
     through the use of any of Company's facilities or resources:

               (i)  Production  processes,   quality  control  processes  and/or
          procedures,  marketing  techniques,  purchasing  information,  pricing
          policies,  quoting procedures,  financial information,  customer names
          and  requirements,  customer data and other  materials or  information
          relating to the manner in which Company does business;

               (ii) Discoveries, concepts and ideas, and the embodiment thereof,
          whether or not  patentable or subject to protection by a copyright,  I
          including,  without limitation, the nature and results of research and
          development   activities,    processes,   formulas,   techniques   and
          "know-how";

               (iii) Any other materials or information  related to the business
          or  activities  of  Company  which are not  generally  known to others
          engaged in similar business or activities;

               (iv) Trade Secrets, Confidential Information or other proprietary
          information  which  Company has acquired or may in the future  acquire
          from  any  third  party,  including,  without  limitation,   operating
          principles,   documentation,   drawings,   programs  and   performance
          specifications and results,  provided to Company by such third parties
          pursuant to agreements,  understandings and/or  acknowledgments to the
          effect  that  such  trade  secrets  and  confidential  or  proprietary
          information  provided to Company by such third  parties  (collectively
          "Third Party  Confidential  Information")  is the  proprietary  and/or
          confidential  information of such respective  third party and is to be
          treated by Company as if such  Third  Party  Confidential  Information
          were Company's Confidential Information.

     (p) Territory. The term "Territory" means the world.

     (q) Trade Secrets.  The term "Trade Secrets" means the whole or any portion
or phase of any data or information  developed,  owned, or licensed from a third
party by the Company,  including  any formula,  pattern,  compilation,  program,
device, method, technique, improvement, or process that:

          (i) derives independent economic value, actual or potential,  from not
     being  generally  known to,  and not being  readily  ascertainable  through
     proper  means by,  other  persons  who can obtain  economic  value from its
     disclosure or use, and

          (ii)  is  the  subject  of  efforts  that  are  reasonable  under  the
     circumstances to maintain its secrecy.

          Trade Secrets shall not include any data or  information  (i) that has
     been voluntarily disclosed to the public by Company or has become generally
     known to the public (except when such public disclosure has been made by or
     through  Master  Distributor,  or by a third  person  or  entity  with  the
     knowledge of Master Distributor,  without authorization from Company); (ii)
     that has been  independently  developed and disclosed by parties other than
     Master   Distributor  or  Company,   the  public  generally  or  to  Master
     Distributor  without a breach of obligation of  confidentiality by any such
     parties running directly or indirectly to Company;  or (iii) that otherwise
     enters the public domain through lawful means.

2. Term.  The term of this  Agreement  shall commence on the 1st day of January,
1996,  and shall end on the  termination of the Master  Distribution  Agreement,
except where a different date of termination or survival is herein specified.

3.  Exclusive-Ownership  by Company.  Master Distributor agrees and acknowledges
that all  Proprietary  Information,  Intellectual  Property,  Trade  Secrets and
Confidential  Information,  and any and all  embodiments  thereof  (herein,  the
"Property"),  is and shall  remain at all times the  exclusive  property  of and
owned by the Company,  and that Master  Distributor's  performance of its duties
and obligations and its use or awareness of the Property during the term of this
Agreement or the Master Distributorship Agreement shall create no rights, at law
or in equity,  under the laws and  decisions  of any nation or state  within the
Territory,  in  Master  Distributor  in or to the  Property,  or any  aspect  or
embodiment  thereof.  Master  Distributor  further  agrees not to copy,  reverse
engineer,  disassemble,  decompile  or  otherwise  reproduce  any Product or its
equivalent, in whole or in part.

4.  Non-Disclosure  of Trade Secrets.  Master  Distributor shall not, during the
term of this Agreement and the Master Distributorship  Agreement, and at any and
all times following termination, for any reason, of this Agreement or the Master
Distributorship  Agreement,  disclose, use, reveal, report,  publish,  disclose,
transfer,  or make available,  directly or indirectly,  to any person,  business
concern,  or other entity, any Trade Secrets except in the proper performance of
its duties hereunder;  provided,  however,  Master Distributor is not prohibited
hereby from  disclosing or using any Trade Secrets  which  subsequently  becomes
part of the  public  domain  through no breach of this  Agreement  or the Master
Distributorship Agreement and through no fault of Master Distributor.

5. Non-Disclosure of Confidential Information or Proprietary Information. Master
Distributor  shall  not,  during  the  term of  this  Agreement  and the  Master
Distributorship  Agreement,  and for a  period  of  three  (3)  years  following
termination, for any reason, of the Master Distributorship Agreement,  disclose,
use, reveal, report, publish, disclose, transfer, or make available, directly or
indirectly,  to any person,  business concern, or other entity, any Confidential
Information or Proprietary  Information  except in the proper performance of its
duties hereunder; provided, however, Master Distributor is not prohibited hereby
from disclosing or using any Confidential Information or Proprietary Information
which  subsequently  becomes part of the public domain through no breach of this
Agreement  and the  Master  Distributorship  Agreement  and  through no fault of
Master Distributor.

6.  Confidentiality  Procedures.  Master  Distributor shall take all appropriate
steps to ensure  that the  Confidential  Information  and Trade  Secrets and any
other similar  information  and data set forth in this  Agreement and the Master
Distributorship  Agreement  are not divulged or  disclosed  to any  unauthorized
person.

7. License and Use of Marks. Company hereby grants to Master Distributor, during
the term of this Agreement only, the non-exclusive,  royalty-free  limited right
and license to use the Marks only in connection  with the  performance of Master
Distributor's  duties and obligations  under this Agreement and under the Master
Distributorship  Agreement.  Master  Distributor  agrees not to use the Marks in
connection with any other  business,  products or services.  Master  Distributor
agrees not to use the Marks, or any of them, or any confusingly  similar name or
symbol, in whole or in part, as part of Master  Distributor's  business or trade
name. The Parties shall mutually approve all promotional material used by Master
Distributor in connection with the distribution and marketing of the Products to
ensure that Master Distributor properly uses the Marks.

8. Protection Against Infringement. Master Distributor agrees to cooperate fully
with  Company  to  protect  company's  proprietary  rights  in the  Intellectual
Property,  yet  acknowledges  and agrees that Company shall have the sole right,
opportunity and duty to protect the  Intellectual  Property from legal action or
suit for  infringement  thereof,  and  Master  Distributor  shall  not  respond,
contest,  settle,  or  otherwise  conduct any  proceedings  or handle any claims
without prior  consultation  with and written  approval  from Company,  unless a
response  is  necessary  to avoid  compromising  the  rights of  Company in such
proceedings or with regard to such claims.

9. No  Registration  without  Notice.  Master  Distributor  agrees  it will not,
without the prior written consent of Company,  directly or indirectly  register,
apply for  registration,  or attempt to acquire any legal  protection for any of
the Intellectual  Property or the Products or any proprietary rights therein, or
take any other action which may adversely  affect  Company's  right,  title,  or
interest in or to the  Intellectual  Property  or the  Products in any nation or
state within the Territory.

10.  No  Challenges.   Master  Distributor  shall  not  challenge,  directly  or
indirectly,  the right, title, and interest of Company in and to the Proprietary
Information,   Intellectual   Property  and   Products,   nor  the  validity  or
enforceability  of Company's claimed rights therein under the laws of any nation
or state within the Territory.

11. No Warranty of Intellectual Prop.  Company expressly  disclaims and makes no
warranty,  promise or  representation  that the  Intellectual  Property does not
infringe  upon the  proprietary  rights of third  parties  under the laws of the
nations and states in the Territory.

12. Termination upon Breach.  Master Distributor  acknowledges that in the event
of a breach by Master Distributor of its obligations under this Agreement or the
Master  Distributorship  Agreement,   Company  may  immediately  terminate  this
Agreement and the Master Distribution  Agreement without liability and may bring
appropriate  legal action to enjoin any breach of this  Agreement,  and shall be
entitled to recover from Master  Distributor legal fees and costs in addition to
other  appropriate  legal and equitable relief in any nation or state within the
Territory.

13. No Recourse for Loss Caused by  Intellectual  Property.  Master  Distributor
shall have no recourse against Company for any loss, liability, damages or costs
which may at any time be suffered or  incurred by Master  Distributor  by reason
of, or in reliance upon, any of the Intellectual Property furnished hereunder by
Company,  or by reason of any suit or proceeding  against Master  Distributor on
account of any  Intellectual  Property,  or by reason of the defense of any such
suit or proceeding,  unless such loss, liability, damages or costs are caused by
gross negligence or fraud of Company.

14.  Covenants/Severability.  Master Distributor recognizes and agrees: (i) that
the covenants and  agreements  contained in Sections 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10,
11, 12 and 13 of this Agreement are of the essence of this Agreement;  (ii) that
each of such  covenants is reasonable  and necessary to protect and preserve the
interests and properties of the Company and the Business of Company;  (iii) that
irreparable   loss  and  damage  will  be  suffered  by  Company  should  Master
Distributor breach any of such covenants and agreements;  (iv) that each of such
covenants and agreements is separate,  distinct and severable from the other and
remaining provisions of this Agreement;  (v) that, if any such covenant is found
by a court of competent  jurisdiction  to be over broad in any  respect,  Master
Distributor desires and directs that such covenant be amended by such court to a
reasonable  breadth;  (vi) that, in addition to other remedies  available to it,
Company shall be entitled to both temporary and permanent injunctions to prevent
a breach or contemplated  breach by Master  Distributor of any of such covenants
or agreements;  (vii) that the  prevailing  party s ' hall be reimbursed for any
costs or  expenses  (including  reasonable  attorneys'  fees) in  attempting  to
enforce or defend  against any such  covenants;  and (viii) in the event Company
seeks a temporary or preliminary injunction hereunder, Master Distributor hereby
waives any requirement that Company post a bond or other security.

15, Binding Effect.  This Agreement shall ensure to the benefit of, and shall be
binding  upon,  the  parties  hereto  and their  respective  heirs,  successors,
assigns, and legal representatives.

16. Governing Law, Forum for Litigation. This Agreement shall be interpreted and
governed by the laws of the State of South  Carolina,  without  giving effect to
its  conflicts of laws rules.  Notwithstanding  alternative  dispute  settlement
provisions in the Master Distributorship  Agreement, any action or proceeding to
enforce  or  interpret  this  Agreement  shall be  brought  only in the state or
federal courts sitting in Charleston County, South Carolina,  United States, and
Master  Distributor  hereby  irrevocably  submits and consents to such exclusive
jurisdiction and venue.

17. Severability. The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed severable and
the  invalidity  or the  unenforceability  of any one or more of the  provisions
hereof shall not affect the validity or  enforceability  of the other provisions
hereof.

18. Entire  Agreement.  This Agreement is executed in connection with the Master
Distributorship  Agreement, but, with respect to the subject matter hereof, sets
forth the entire  understanding  between the parties  hereto and  supersedes and
replaces any and every other agreement with respect to the subject matter hereof
which may have  existed  between  Company  and  Master  Distributor,  including,
without limitation, the Non-Disclosure and Confidentiality Agreement executed on
or about  September 1, 1994, and the  Confidentiality  Agreement  executed on or
about October 11, 1995.

19. Amendments and Waivers. This Agreement may not be modified or amended except
by an  instrument  or  instruments  in writing  signed by the party against whom
enforcement of any such modification or amendment is sought. Either party hereto
may by an instrument in writing waive  compliance by the other party of any term
or  provision of this  Agreement on the part of such other party.  The waiver by
any  party of a breach of any term or  provision  shall  not be  construed  as a
waiver of any subsequent breach.

20. Section Headings.  The section headings  contained in this Agreement are for
reference purposes only and shall not be deemed to control or affect the meaning
or construction of any provision.

     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties  hereto have caused this  Agreement to be
executed by their duly authorized  representatives  as of the day and year first
written above.

                          MASTER DISTRIBUTOR: ZELLWEGER
                                 ANALYTICS INC.

                                       By:


ATTEST:


Corporate Secretary


                        COMPANY-. ENVIROMETRICS PRODUCTS
                                    COMPANY

                                       By
                        Walter H. Elliott, III, President
ATTEST:


Corporate Secretary