

                                   Appendix 8

                            Non-Disclosure Agreement


Enova  Systems,  a corporation  organized  under the laws of California  and Eco
Power  Technology,  an  Italian  company,  desire to  explore  certain  possible
business transactions and in facilitating that, it is understood and agreed that
certain business and trade  information  which the parties deem confidential may
be provided or disclosed by one to the other:
In consideration of the receiving party being granted access or continued access
to such information, it is agreed as follows:

         1. "INFORMATION" shall mean any information, technical data or know-how
relating to the  business,  services or  products of the  disclosing  party or a
third party,  including  without  limitation any research,  products,  services,
developments,  inventions,  processes,  techniques,  designs, components, parts,
documents,   drawings,   electronic  files,  data  sketches,   plans,  programs,
specifications,   software,   and/or   distribution,   engineering,   marketing,
financial,  merchandising,  sales, and salary information and/or other materials
(hereinafter  collectively  referred to as "INFORMATION")  which is disclosed by
such party or on its behalf, before or after the date hereof, to the other party
or its  employees  or  agents,  directly  or  indirectly,  in  writing,  orally,
electronically,  or by drawings or  inspection.  "INFORMATION"  does not include
information,  technical data or know-how which the receiving party  establishes:
(i) is already  published  or  available to the public other than by a breach of
this Agreement or any  confidentiality  obligation owed to the disclosing party;
(ii) is rightfully  received from a third party  without,  and not in breach of,
any obligation of confidentiality; (iii) is independently developed by personnel
or agents of the receiving party without access to the INFORMATION of the other;
(iv) is  known to the  receiving  party at the  time of  disclosure  without  an
obligation of confidentiality;  or (v) is produced in compliance with applicable
law or a court  order,  provided  that  the  receiving  party  first  gives  the
disclosing party reasonable notice of such law or order and gives the disclosing
party opportunity to oppose and/or attempt to limit such production.

         2. The  receiving  party  shall hold in trust and  confidence,  and not
disclose to others,  by any means, any and all INFORMATION  disclosed under this
Agreement.  INFORMATION  may be used by the receiving party only for the purpose
of considering or pursuing a business  relationship or business transaction with
the disclosing  party.  The receiving  party may disclose  INFORMATION  received
under this Agreement to persons within its  organization who have a need to know
such  information and only if such persons are bound in writing  (pursuant,  for
example to a general employee  non-disclosure  agreement  protecting third party
confidential information as well as the employer's confidential  information) to
protect the  confidentiality  of such  INFORMATION.  The receiving party further
agrees it shall take the same  measures,  but no less than  reasonable  security
measures,  and use the same care, but no less than a reasonable  degree of care,
to preserve and protect the secrecy of, and to avoid  disclosure or unauthorized
use of, the disclosing  party's  INFORMATION as it uses with its own information
of  similar  importance.   With  respect  to  tangible  materials   constituting
INFORMATION  the  receiving  party agrees not to analyze any such  materials for
composition or structure.

         3.  Title to all  property  received  by the  receiving  party from the
disclosing party, including all INFORMATION,  shall remain at all times the sole
property of the disclosing  party,  and this Agreement shall not be construed to
grant to  receiving  party any  licenses or similar  rights to such  property or
INFORMATION  (including all  intellectual  property)  disclosed to the receiving
party hereunder. Nothing in this Agreement shall limit or restrict the rights of
the  disclosing  party to assert  infringement  or other  intellectual  property
claims  against the receiving  party or to impose on either party any obligation
to disclose any INFORMATION or to purchase or sell any products.

                                    22 of 26

                                      Enova Systems Proprietary and Confidential
<PAGE>
       Enova Panther(TM) Propulsion System Product and Services Agreement

         4. The receiving party shall, upon request of the disclosing party: (i)
return to the  disclosing  party all  documents,  drawings,  equipment and other
tangible  materials,  including all INFORMATION and all manifestations  thereof,
delivered  to the  receiving  party  under  this  Agreement,  and all copies and
reproductions  thereof;  and (ii) certify to the disclosing  party that all such
INFORMATION has been returned.

         5. The  receiving  party's  duties  under  Section 2 of this  Agreement
expire with respect to any particular  item of INFORMATION  five years after the
date of disclosure  hereunder to the receiving  party,  or three years after the
expiration  or  termination  of the  relationship  between  the  parties to this
Agreement, whichever is later.

         6. The parties further agree to the following terms and conditions:

                  (a) Neither party shall  without the prior written  consent of
the  other  party  disclose  to a  third  party  any  aspect  of the  commercial
relationship between the parties including,  but not limited to, pricing,  items
or quantities offered or sold,  payment terms,  production methods or schedules,
delivery  locations and means and suppliers.  Each party agrees not to issue any
press  release  or  make  any  statement  on  the  Internet,  America  on  Line,
CompuServe,  Prodigy or any other public electronic  network, or to any analysts
or reporters concerning the other party or its products or services, without the
other party's prior written authorization.

                  (b)   Receiving   party  shall  adhere  to  the  U.S.   Export
Administration  Laws and  Regulations  and shall not  export  or  re-export  any
technical data or products received from the disclosure or the direct product of
such technical data to any proscribed countries.

                  (c) Any breach by the receiving party of its obligations under
this  Agreement will result in  irreparable  injury to the disclosing  party for
which  damages  and  other  legal  remedies  will  be  inadequate.   In  seeking
enforcement of any of these  obligations,  the disclosing party will be entitled
(in addition to other  remedies) to  preliminary  and permanent  injunctive  and
other equitable relief.

                  (d)  If  any  provision  of  this   Agreement  is  invalid  or
unenforceable,  then such provision shall be construed and limited to the extent
necessary,  or severed if necessary,  in order to eliminate  such  invalidity or
unenforceability,  and the  other  provisions  of this  Agreement  shall  not be
affected thereby.

                  (e) No delay or omission  by either  party in  exercising  any
right under this  Agreement will operate as a waiver of that or any other right.
A waiver or consent given by either party on any one occasion is effective  only
in that instance and will not be construed as a bar to or waiver of any right on
any other occasion.

                  (f) This Agreement shall be binding upon and will inure to the
benefit of the parties hereto, and their respective successors and assigns.

                  (g) This  Agreement  is governed by and will be  construed  in
accordance  with the laws of the State of California,  and the state and federal
courts of California shall be the exclusive forum.

                  (h) This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements, written or
oral,  between the  disclosing  party and receiving  party (or their  respective
predecessors in interest) relating to the subject matter of this Agreement. This
Agreement  may not be amended  except by an agreement in writing  signed by both
parties that specifically refers to this Agreement.

Eco Power Technology                        ENOVA SYSTEMS


By:_______________________________          By:_______________________________

[REDACTED]*                                  [REDACTED]*


Date:                                       Date:                     
      ----------------------------                 ---------------------------

