
                            Exhibit C 

            CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT 
            --------------------------------------------

This Agreement is entered into this ___ day of July, 2000, between
INFe.com, Inc. ("INFE"), and International Data Operations, Inc.
("IDO"), having offices at: 200 Route 17, Mahwah N.J. 07340. 

     WHEREAS, the disclosure by the parties of certain proprietary
and trade secret information is necessary for the purchase of
assets by INFE from IDO; and 

     WHEREAS, the parties desire to protect and maintain the
confidentiality of their respective trade secrets and/or other
proprietary information (hereafter collectively referred to as
"Proprietary Information") and to control and restrict its
dissemination to prevent disclosure to unauthorized parties; and 

     NOW THEREFORE, INFE and IDO agree to the following: 

1.   INFE will disclose to IDO such portions of its Proprietary
Information solely to enable IDO to determine the desirability of
the proposed sale of assets of the Placeum.com division of IDO to
INFE; and IDO shall not disseminate any portions of the Proprietary
Information to any third party individual or entity. 

2.   IDO will disclose to INFE such portions of its Proprietary
Information solely to enable INFE to determine the desirability of
the proposed sale of assets the Placeum.com division of IDO; and
INFE shall not disseminate any portions of the Proprietary
Information to any third party individual or entity. 

2.   As used in this Agreement, the phrase Proprietary
Information shall include, but not be limited to the following: (a)
information relating to trade secrets, appropriate licenses with
certain third parties, data, designs, samples, drawings,
relationships, documentation, machinery, prototypes, processes,
methods, concepts, facilities, research, development, patent
applications, and other Proprietary Information relating to the
development, testing, manufacture, or application of any such
devices or systems (including but not limited to system concepts,
architectures, source documents and programming documents); and (b)
all marketing or financial plans, projections, resources,
contracts, studies, and general information relating to the
specific business opportunity contemplated herein, whether obtained
verbally or in writing, or through observation. All information,
tangible or intangible, whether obtained verbally or in writing, is
to be considered Proprietary Information. 

4.   Neither party shall disclose the Proprietary Information
of the other party to any third party whatsoever by without the
prior written approval of the other party and all such information
shall be protected with at least the same diligence, care, and
precaution that each party uses to protect its own Proprietary
Information. 

5.   The undertakings and obligations of the parties under this
Agreement shall not apply to any information which: (a) is
disclosed in a printed publication available to the general public,
is described by or in a patent anywhere in the world, or is
otherwise in the public domain at the time of disclosure other than
through the wrongful act or omission of the receiving party; (b) is
generally disclosed to third parties by the disclosing party
without restriction on such third parties; (c) is approved for
release by prior, express, written authorization from the
disclosing party. 


<PAGE>    Exhibit - 2.4 - Pg. 14


8.   With respect to each item of Proprietary Information
disclosed, this obligation of the parties under this Agreement
shall expire three (3) years from the date of each such disclosure
or the maximum period permitted by law if such period is less than
three (3) years. 

9.       No modification, alteration, or addition to this Agreement
shall be binding unless mutually agreed to in writing by both
parties. 

10.      This Agreement shall be construed, interpreted, and
enforced according to the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia and
the parties hereto consent to jurisdiction therein. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement
on the date first written above. 

INFe.com, Inc.                          International Data Operations, Inc. 

By: --------------------------          By:-----------------------------
Name: Thomas M. Richfield               Name:  Shlornie Morgenstern
Its: President and CEO                  Its: Vice President