<PAGE>   1
AGREEMENT DATE: JUNE 2, 1999                                           EXHIBIT 1


                       Corporate Non-Disclosure Agreement

This Corporate Non-Disclosure Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into and made
effective as of the date set forth above, by and between Intel Corporation and
its majority owned subsidiaries ("Intel"), and the Participant identified below
("Participant"). Unless the Participant indicates that this Agreement will apply
only to the specific division or location, this Agreement will apply to the
Participant's entire Company.

THE PARTIES AGREE AS FOLLOWS:

1.       Confidential Information Transmittal Form. The confidential,
         proprietary and made secret information of the disclosing party
         ("Confidential Information") to be disclosed hereunder is that
         information which (i) is described in the Confidential Information
         Transmittal Record ("CITR") executed from time to time hereafter and
         (ii) is marked with a "confidential", "proprietary", or similar legend.
         CITRs are subject to the terms of this Agreement. CITRs will be
         executed, in writing or in electronic form, by the parties prior to the
         disclosure of Confidential Information. All Confidential Information
         received from the disclosing party will be in tangible form. To be
         considered Confidential Information, non-tangible disclosures must be
         identified as confidential prior to disclosure and produced in writing,
         marked as provided above and delivered to the receiving party within
         thirty (30) days of the original date of disclosure. The CITR will
         indicate the disclosing party, a description of the Confidential
         Information disclosed, the names of the representatives of the parties
         and the dates when the disclosure covered by the CITR commenced.

2.       Obligations of Receiving Party. The receiving party will maintain the
         confidentiality of the Confidential Information of the disclosing party
         with at least the same degree of care that it uses to protect its own
         confidential and proprietary information, but no less than a reasonable
         degree of care under the circumstances. The receiving party will not
         disclose any of the disclosing party's Confidential Information to any
         employees or to any third parties except to the receiving party's
         employees, parent company and majority-owned subsidiaries who have a
         need to know and who agree to abide by nondisclosure terms at least as
         comprehensive as those set forth herein: provided that the receiving
         party will be liable for breach by any such entity. The receiving party
         will not make any copies of the Confidential Information received from
         the disclosing party except as necessary for its employees, parent
         company and majority-owned subsidiaries with a need to know. Any copies
         which are made will be identified as belonging to the disclosing party
         and marked "confidential", "proprietary", or with a similar legend.

3.       Period of Non-Assertion. Unless a shorter period is indicated in the
         applicable CITR, the disclosing party will not insert any claims of
         breach of this Agreement or misappropriation of trade secrets against
         the receiving party arising from the receiving party's disclosure of
         the disclosing party's Confidential Information made more than five 


<PAGE>   2

         (5) years from the date of the CITR under which such information was
         disclosed. However, unless at least one of the exceptions set for in
         Section 4 below has occurred, the receiving party will continue to
         treat such confidential Information as the confidential information of
         the disclosing party and only disclose any such Confidential
         Information to third parties under the terms of a non-disclosure
         agreement.

4.       Termination of Obligation of Confidentiality. The receiving party will
         not be liable for the disclosure of any Confidential Information which
         is:

         (a)      rightfully in public domain other than by a breach of duty to
                  the disclosing party

         (b)      rightfully received from a third party without any obligation
                  of confidentiality

         (c)      rightfully known to the receiving party without any limitation
                  on use or disclosure prior to its receipt from the disclosing
                  party

         (d)      independently developed by employees of the receiving party;
                  or

         (e)      generally made available to third parties by the disclosing
                  party without restriction on disclosure.


5.       Title. Title or the right to possess Confidential Information as
         between the parties will remain in the disclosing party.

6.       No Obligation of Disclosure: Termination. Neither party has any
         obligation to disclose Confidential Information to the other. Either
         party may terminate this Agreement at any time without cause upon
         written notice to the other party: provided that each party's
         obligations with respect to Confidential Information disclosed during
         the term of this Agreement will survive any such termination. Either
         party may, at any time: (a) cease giving Confidential Information to
         the other party without any liability and/or (b) request in writing the
         return or destruction of all or part of its Confidential Information
         previously disclosed, and all copies thereof, and the receiving party
         will promptly comply with such request, and certify in writing its
         compliance.

7.       Residuals. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, either
         party may use Residuals for any purpose, including without limitation
         use in development manufacture, promotion, sale and maintenance of its
         products or services: provided that this right to Residuals does not
         represent a licence under any patents, copyrights or other intellectual
         property rights of the disclosing party. The term "Residuals" means any
         information retained in the unaided memories of the receiving party's
         employees who have had access to the disclosing party's Confidential
         Information pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. An employee's
         memory is unaided if the employee has not intentionally memorized the
         Confidential Information for the purpose of retaining and subsequently
         using or disclosing it.

8.       General.

<PAGE>   3

         (a)      This Agreement is neither intended to nor will it be
                  considered as creating a joint venture, partnership or other
                  form of business association between the parties, nor an
                  obligation to buy or sell products using or incorporating the
                  Confidential Information.

         (b)      Both parties understand and acknowledge that no license under
                  any patent, copyright, trade secret, or other intellectual
                  property right is granted to or conferred upon, either party
                  in this Agreement or by the disclosure of any Confidential
                  Information by one party to the other party as contemplated
                  hereunder, either expressly, by implication, inducement,
                  estoppel or otherwise, and that any license under such
                  intellectual property rights must be express and in writing.
         (c)      The failure of either party to enforce any right resulting
                  from breach of any provision of this Agreement by the other
                  party will not be deemed a waiver of any right relating to a
                  subsequent breach of such provision or of any other right
                  hereunder.

         (d)      This Agreement will be governed by laws of the State of
                  Delaware without reference to conflict of laws principles.

         (e)      This Agreement, any accompanying CITR and CITRs executed from
                  time to time hereafter which incorporate the terms of this
                  Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement between the
                  parties with respect to the disclosure(s) of Confidential
                  Information described in each CITR, and may not be amended
                  except in a writing signed by a duly authorized representative
                  of the respective parties. Any other agreements between the
                  parties, including non-disclosure agreements, will not be
                  affected by this Agreement.

INTEL CONTACT: Mohammad Aboobaker      M/S: FMS-92 TEL NO: 356-6084

AGREED:
INTEL CORPORATION 
2200 Mission College Blvd.
Santa Clara, CA 95052-8119             PARTICIPANT:    DSP Communications
                                                       20300 Stevens Creek Blvd.
                                                       Cupertino, CA 95014



                                       /s/ DAVIDI GILO
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Signature of Authorized Representative 
                                         (e.g. President or V.P.)
                                       David Gilo
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Printed  Name
                                       Chairman
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Title


<PAGE>   4
                                 Addendum No. 1
                                       to
                   Corporate Non-Disclosure Agreement 4655141
                                     between
                           Intel Corporation ("Intel")
                                       and
                       DSP Communications Inc. ("Company")

Effective August 31, 1999 (the "Effective Date"), the above-referenced Agreement
is modified solely with respect to the Confidential Information Transmittal
Records dated after August 31, 1999, and before December 31, 1999, executed in
connection with the consideration of a possible business transaction involving
an acquisition of the Company (the "Transaction"), as follows:

1.       Sentence 2 of Section 2 Obligations of Receiving Party is hereby
         deleted and replaced with the following:

         The receiving party will not disclose any of the disclosing party's
         Confidential Information to any employees or to any third parties
         except to employees of the receiving party or its employees, parent
         company and majority-owned subsidiaries and financial advisors,
         attorneys and accountants who have a need to know such Confidential
         Information (collectively "Representatives"), and who agree to abide by
         nondisclosure terms at least as comprehensive as those set forth
         herein; provided that the receiving party will be liable for breach by
         any such entity.

2.       Section 7 Residuals is hereby deleted and replaced with the following:

         The Company understands that Intel is a diverse corporation which
         conducts research and development activities in an immense variety of
         technologies, often resulting in new commercial product development.
         The Company acknowledges that Intel may already be working on similar
         technology as that disclosed by the Company, and that Intel's personnel
         to whom the disclosure is made may be wholly unaware of this work.
         Intel's receipt of Confidential Information under this agreement shall
         not create any obligation in any way limiting, restricting, or
         prohibiting Intel's assignment of employees or contractors.
         Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Intel may use
         residuals of the Confidential Information for any purpose including
         without limitation use in development, manufacture, promotion, sale and
         maintenance of Intel's products and services. The term "residuals" as
         used herein means any information relating to the Company's technology
         retained in the unaided memories of Intel's Representatives who have
         had access to such Confidential Information pursuant to the terms of
         this agreement. A Representative's 


<PAGE>   5

         memory is unaided if the Representative has not intentionally memorized
         the Confidential Information for the purpose of retaining and
         subsequently using or disclosing it. This provision grants no patent or
         copyright license.

3.       Section 8 General hereby becomes Section 11 General.

4.       A new Section 8 is hereby added:

         Section 8 Press Releases/Disclosures. Neither party nor any of its
         affiliates shall make, or cause to be made, without the prior written
         consent of the other party, any public or private disclosure or other
         announcement with respect to the existence of the Agreement, the fact
         that any investigations, discussions or negotiations are taking or have
         taken place concerning the Transaction between the parties, or the
         diligence or Confidential Information has been requested or received
         from the parties, or any of the terms, conditions or other facts with
         respect to any such potential Transaction, including the status
         thereof. Any press release or other public disclosure or other
         announcement with respect to any of the foregoing matters required by
         law or the rules of any applicable securities exchange or market system
         shall be submitted to the nondisclosing party within a reasonable time
         prior to release in order for the nondisclosing party to provide
         comments and, where possible, request confidential treatment of such
         disclosure.

         Intel and the Company understand that each party is subject to the
         reporting and disclosure requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
         1934 and as such is required to disclose certain material information
         regarding itself and its business and operations. From time to time,
         however, Intel and its affiliates and the Company and its affiliates
         may have in their possession certain material information that has not
         yet been disclosed to the public. To the extent that any information
         disclosed to receiving party constitutes material nonpublic information
         about disclosing party, receiving party acknowledges its obligations
         under the securities laws and acknowledges that failure to abide by
         such restrictions may subject Recipient to criminal and/or civil
         penalties.

5.       A new Section 9 is hereby added:

         Section 9 No Representations. Except as may be specifically provided
         hereafter in a definitive written agreement, neither party shall be
         deemed to 


<PAGE>   6

         make or have made any representation or warranty, express or implied,
         as to the accuracy or completeness of any Confidential Information
         which either party furnished to the other, and neither party shall bear
         any liability to the other party or the other party's employees, agents
         or consultants resulting from the use of any Confidential Information
         by the other party or its employees, agents or consultants.

6.       A new Section 10 is hereby added:

         Section 10 Standstill. Without prior written consent of the other party
         to this Agreement, neither party will for a period of eighteen (18)
         months from the Effective Date: (i) acquire, offer to acquire, or agree
         to acquire, directly or indirectly, by purchase or otherwise, any
         voting securities or direct or indirect rights or options to acquire
         any voting securities of the other party, (ii) make, or in any way
         participate, directly or indirectly, in any "solicitation" of any
         "proxy" to vote (as such terms are used in the proxy rules of the
         Securities and Exchange Commission) or seek to advise or influence any
         person or entity with respect to the voting of any voting securities of
         the other party, (iii) form, join or in any way participate, directly
         or indirectly, in a "group" within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of
         the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with respect to any
         voting securities of the other Party; (iv) otherwise act, along or in
         concert with others, directly or indirectly, to seek control of the
         management, board of directors, or policies of the other party; or (v)
         seek any modification to or waiver of the terms or conditions of this
         Section 10, unless, in any such case, specifically invited to do so by
         actions of the Board of Directors or Chief Executive Officer of the
         Company. Notwithstanding the above, either party and its affiliates
         and/or its retirement plans may acquire not to exceed 2% of the
         outstanding equity securities of the other party. The provisions of
         this paragraph pertaining to Intel's obligations shall terminate in the
         event that: (a) any third party unaffiliated with the Company initiates
         a tender offer or exchange offer for the common stock of the Company or
         (b) the Company enters into an agreement to merge with, or sell or
         dispose of 50% or more of its assets or earning power, to any party not
         affiliated with the Company. The provisions of this paragraph
         pertaining to the Company's obligation shall terminate in the event
         that: (a) any third party unaffiliated with Intel initiates a tender
         offer or exchange offer for the common stock of Intel or (b) Intel
         enters into an agreement to merge with, or sell or dispose of 50% or
         more of its assets or earning power, to any party not affiliated with
         Intel.

<PAGE>   7

7.       New Section 11 is hereby added:

         Section 11 Non-Exclusive Relationship: the Company acknowledges that
         (a) Intel has invested and will continue to invest in a wide range of
         companies in numerous market segments, (b) Intel may invest in multiple
         competitors, with similar or identical strategies, within the same
         market segment and (c) Intel will not maintain an exclusive
         relationship with any one company.

8.       New Section 12 is hereby added:

         Section 12 Material Inside Information: Each party hereby acknowledges
         that it is aware (and that its Representatives who are apprized of a
         possible transaction have been advised) that the United States and
         other applicable securities laws prohibit any person who has material,
         non-public information about a company from purchasing or selling
         securities of such company or from communicating such information to
         any other person under circumstances in which it is reasonably
         foreseeable that such person is likely to purchase or sell such
         securities.


Except as modified herein, the terms and conditions of the Agreement remain in
full force and effect.

Agreed and accepted:

INTEL CORPORATION                      DSP Communications, Inc.

By: /s/ Guy Anthony                        By: /s/ Stephen P. Pezzola
    -------------------------             --------------------------------------
    Guy Anthony                            Stephen P. Pezzola
-----------------------------          -----------------------------------------
Printed Name                           Printed Name

Asst Treasurer                         General Counsel and Secretary
-----------------------------          -----------------------------------------
Title                                  Title

8/31/99                                September 7, 1999
-----------------------------          -----------------------------------------
Date                                   Date


<PAGE>   8
                  Signature Page to Addendum No. 1 to Corporate
                        Non-Disclosure Agreement 4655141

<PAGE>   9
CITR DATE:     August 31,    , 1999      CNDA#      4665141
           -----------------      -            --------------------------------
       (Date Disclosure(s) will commence     (Fill in Number from Executed CNDA)

Participant's Name:     DSP Communications, Inc.
                    ------------------------------------------------------------

Location of Disclosure:  2200 Mission College Blvd., Santa Clara, CA 95042
                        --------------------------------------------------------
                        Street Address     City              State      Zip Code

Intel and Participant agree that the Confidential Information described below
shall be kept confidential by the receiving party. This CITR incorporates all
the terms and conditions of the Corporate Non-Disclosure Agreement ("CNDA")
executed by the parties.

1.       Describe Confidential Information disclosed by each party. (Be
         specific, include subject or product, any document title,
         drawing/document number, date, rev., etc.) Identify visuals, foils, and
         verbal disclosures. (Use additional sheets if necessary).

         Intel Confidential Information:________________________________________

         Participant's Confidential Information:  Preliminary Due Diligence Per
                                                 -------------------------------
         Attached List
         -----------------------------------------------------------------------

2.       This CITR covers the above described Confidential Information to be
         conveyed commencing on the CITR Date stated above provided it is marked
         as required under the CNDA.

3.       Unless a shorter period is indicated below, the disclosing party will
         not assert any claims of breach or misappropriation of trade secrets
         against the receiving party arising from the receiving party's
         disclosure of the disclosing party's Confidential Information under
         this CITR more than five (5) years from the date when such information
         was disclosed. However, unless at least one of the exceptions set
         forth in Section 4 of the CNDA has occurred, the receiving party will
         continue to treat such Confidential Information as the confidential
         information of the disclosing party and only disclose any such
         Confidential Information to third parties under the terms of a
         non-disclosure agreement. Either party may at any time request in
         writing the immediate return of all or part of its Confidential
         Information disclosed hereunder, and all copies thereof, and the
         receiving party shall promptly comply with such request. If initialed
         and filled in below, the period after which the disclosing party agrees
         not to assert claims against the receiving party with respect to the
         Confidential Information disclosed under this CITR will be ____ months
         (not less than twenty-four (24) months nor more than sixty (60)
         months), (______/______)

4.       Confidential Information may be controlled by U.S. Export Regulations,
         and export, re-export or foreign disclosure (including to subsidiary
         employees) may require U.S. Government approval. The receiving party
         shall not use, export, transfer, make available or otherwise disclose
         any Confidential Information in violation of U.S. Export Regulations,
         including any use or development in nuclear, missile, chemical and/or
         biological weapons activities.


<PAGE>   10

5.       All other terms and conditions of the executed CNDA shall remain in
         full force and effect. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as
         amending or modifying the terms of the CNDA referenced above.

6.       Both parties understand and acknowledge that no license under any
         patent, copyright, trade secret or other intellectual property right is
         granted to or conferred upon either party in this Agreement or by the
         disclosure of any Confidential Information by one party to the other
         party as contemplated hereunder, either expressly, by implication,
         inducement, estoppel or otherwise, and that any license under such
         intellectual property rights must be express and in writing.



                                       PARTICIPANT  DSP Communications, Inc.
                                                  ------------------------------
                                                  (Company Name, Division/Sub if
                                                  applicable)

                                                  20300 Stevens Creek Blvd.
                                                  ------------------------------
INTEL CORPORATION                                 Street Address
2200 Mission College Blvd.                                                      
Santa Clara, CA 95052-8119                        Cupertino, CA 95014
                                                  ------------------------------
                                                  City, State, Zip

                                                     
Represented By:                                   Represented By:

/s/ GUY SMITH                          /s/ STEPHEN P. PEZZOLA
---------------------------------      -----------------------------------------
Signature                              Signature

Guy Smith                              Stephen P. Pezzola
---------------------------------      -----------------------------------------
Printed Name                           Printed Name

Asst. Treasurer                        General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
---------------------------------      -----------------------------------------
Title                                  Title

8/31/99                                9/7/99 as of 8/31/99
---------------------------------      -----------------------------------------
Date                                   Date

          PLEASE SEND ONE COPY OF THE CITR TO: INTEL CORPORATION, ATTN:
                           Post Contract Mgmt, FM6-03
                  1900 Pririe City Road, Folsom, CA 95630-9598