<PAGE>
                                                                August 7, 1997



                            PERSONAL and CONFIDENTIAL


Ms. Donna M. Hitscherich
Vice President
J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.
60 Wall Street
New York, New York  10260

Dear Ms. Hitscherich:

Carpenter Technology Corporation ("we", "our" or "us") has requested information
regarding Talley Industries, Inc. (the "Company", "your" or "you") in connection
with our consideration of the possible acquisition of the Company (a "Possible
Transaction"). In consideration of your furnishing us with the Evaluation
Materials (as defined below) we agree as follows:

Confidentiality of Evaluation Materials

We will treat confidentially any information (whether written or oral) that
either the Company or its financial advisor, J.P. Morgan & Co. Incorporated
("JPM"), or the Company's other representatives furnish to us in connection with
a Possible Transaction involving the Company, together with analyses,
compilations, studies or other documents prepared by us, or by our
representatives (as defined below) which contain or otherwise reflect such
information or our review of, or interest in, the Company (collectively, the
"Evaluation Materials"). We recognize and acknowledge the competitive value of
the Evaluation Materials and the damage that could result to the Company if the
Evaluation Materials were used or disclosed except as authorized by this
Agreement.

The term "Evaluation Materials" includes information furnished to us orally or
in writing (whatever the form or storage medium) or gathered by inspection, and
regardless of whether such information is specifically identified as
"confidential". The term "Evaluation Materials" does not include information
which (i) is or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result
of a disclosure by us or our representatives, (ii) was or becomes available to
us on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Company or its
representatives, provided that such source is not prohibited from disclosing
such information to us by a contractual, legal or fiduciary obligation to the
Company or its representatives, or (iii) is independently developed by us.


<PAGE>
Ms. Donna M. Hitscherich
August 7, 1997
Page 2

Use of Evaluation Materials

We will not use any to the Evaluation Materials for any purpose other than the
exclusive purpose of evaluating a Possible Transaction. We and our
representatives will keep the Evaluation Materials completely confidential;
provided, however, that (i) any of such information may be disclosed to those of
our directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives (including
attorneys, accountants and financial advisors), lenders and other sources of
financing (collectively, "our representatives") who we reasonably determine need
to know such information for the purpose of evaluating a Possible Transaction
between us and the Company (it being understood that our representatives shall
be informed by us of the confidential nature of such information and shall be
directed by us, and shall each agree to treat such information confidentially)
and (ii) any other disclosure of such information may only be made if the
Company consents in writing prior to any such disclosure. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, in the event that a Possible Transaction is not
consummated neither we nor our representatives shall use any of the Evaluation
Materials for any purpose. We will be responsible for any breach of this
Agreement by our representatives.

In the event that we or any of our representatives receive a request or are
required (by deposition, interrogatory, request for documents, subpoena, civil
investigative demand or similar process) to disclose all or any part of the
Evaluation Materials, we or our representatives, as the case may be, agree to
(i) immediately notify the Company of the existence, terms and circumstances
surrounding such a request, (ii) consult with the Company on the advisability of
taking legally available steps to resist or narrow such request and (iii) assist
the Company in seeking a protective order or other appropriate remedy. In the
event that such protective order or other remedy is not obtained or that the
Company waives compliance with the provisions hereof, (i) we or our
representatives, as the case may be, may disclose to any tribunal only that
portion of the Evaluation Materials which we are advised by counsel is legally
required to be disclosed, and shall exercise our best efforts to obtain
assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded such Evaluation Materials
and (ii) we shall not be liable for such disclosure unless disclosure to any
such tribunal was caused by or resulted from a previous disclosure by us or our
representatives not permitted by this Agreement.

Non-Disclosure

The disclosure of our possible interest in purchasing the Company could have a
material adverse effect on the Company's business if for any reason an agreement
of purchase and sale is not consummated. Accordingly, unless required by
applicable law, we agree that prior to the execution of a Sale Agreement with
respect to the closing of a Possible Transaction, without the prior written
consent of the Company, we will not, and we will direct our representatives not
to, disclose to any person either the fact that discussions or negotiations are
taking place concerning a possible transaction between us and the Company or any
to the terms, conditions or other facts with respect to any such Possible
Transaction, including the status thereof unless we are advised by counsel that
we are required to make such disclosure. The term "person" as used in this
letter shall be broadly interpreted to include, without limitation, any
corporation, the Company, governmental agency or body, stock exchange,
partnership, association or individual.


<PAGE>
Ms. Donna M. Hitscherich
August 7, 1997
Page 3

Return of Documents

Upon the Company's request, we shall promptly deliver to the Company or destroy
all written Evaluation Materials and any other written materials without
retaining, in whole or in part, any copies, extracts or other reproductions
(whatever the form or storage medium) of such materials.

No Unauthorized Contact

During the course of our evaluation, all inquiries and other communications are
to be made directly to JPM or employees or representatives of the Company
specified by JPM. Accordingly, we agree not to directly or indirectly contact or
communicate with any executive or other employee of the Company concerning a
Possible Transaction, or to seek any information in connection therewith from
such person, without the express consent of JPM, with the exception of direct
communication between our chairman and the Company's chairman. We also agree not
to discuss with or offer to any third party an equity participation in a
Possible Transaction or any other form of joint acquisition by us and such third
party without JPM's prior written consent provided that the foregoing
undertaking shall not prevent us from soliciting, on a confidential basis,
indications of intent form selected third parties for the purchase of portions
of the Company.

For a period of two years following the date hereof, you will not, directly or
indirectly, solicit for employment or hire any officer, director, or employee of
the Company or any of its subsidiaries or divisions with whom you have had
contact or who became known to you in connection with your consideration of the
Possible Transaction, except that you shall not be precluded from hiring any
such employee who (i) initiates discussions regarding such employment without
any direct or indirect solicitation by you, (ii) responds to any public
advertisement placed by you, or (iii) has been terminated by the Company or its
subsidiaries prior to commencement of employment discussions between you and
such officer, director, or employee.

Standstill

We agree that until two years from the date of this Agreement, we will not
without the prior approval of the Board of Directors of the Company (i) acquire
or make any proposal to acquire any securities or property of the Company, (ii)
propose to enter into any merger or business combination involving the Company
or purchase a material portion of the assets of the Company, (iii) make or
participate in any solicitation of proxies to vote, or seek to advise or
influence any person with respect to the voting of any securities of the
Company, (iv) form, join or participate in a "group" (within the meaning of
Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) with respect to any
voting securities of the Company, (v) otherwise act or seek to control or
influence the management, Board of Directors or policies of the Company, (vi)
disclose any intention, plan or arrangement inconsistent with the foregoing or
(vii) take any action which might require the Company to make a public
announcement regarding the possibility of a business combination or merger.


<PAGE>
Ms. Donna M. Hitscherich
August 7, 1997
Page 4

No Representation or Warranty

Although the Company and JPM have endeavored to include in the Evaluation
Materials information known to them which they believe to be relevant for the
purpose of our investigation, we acknowledge and agree that none of the Company,
JPM or any of the Company's other representatives or agents is making any
representation or warranty, expressed or implied hereunder, as to the accuracy
or completeness of the Evaluation Materials, and none of the Company, JPM or any
of the Company's other representatives or agents, nor any of their respective
officers, directors, employees, representatives, stockholders, owners,
affiliates, advisors or agents, will have any liability to us or any other
person hereunder resulting from the use of Evaluation Materials by us or any of
our representatives. Only those representations or warranties that are made to a
purchaser in a definitive sale agreement for the Company ("Sale Agreement")
when, as and if it is executed, and subject to such limitations and restrictions
as may be specified in such Sale Agreement, will have any legal effect.

We also acknowledge and agree that no contract or agreement providing for the
sale of the Company shall be deemed to exist between us and the Company unless
and until a Sale Agreement has been executed and delivered by us and each of the
other parties thereto, and we hereby waive, in advance, any claims (including,
without limitation, breach of contract) in connection with the sale of the
Company unless and until a Sale Agreement has been executed and delivered by us
and each of the other parties thereto. We also agree that unless and until a
Sale Agreement between the Company and us with respect to the acquisition of the
Company has been executed and delivered by us and each of the other parties
thereto, there shall not be any legal obligation of any kind whatsoever with
respect to any such transaction by virtue of this agreement or any other written
or oral expression with respect to such transaction except, in the case of this
Agreement for the matters specifically agreed to herein. For purposes of this
Agreement, the term "Sale Agreement" does not include an executed letter of
intent or any other preliminary written agreement, nor does it include any oral
acceptance of an offer or bid by us.

No Solicitation

During the period from acceptance of this agreement until the earlier of (a) the
execution of a definitive agreement or (b) the date that is 45 days after the
date of such acceptance, the Company and the officers, directors, employees and
other representatives of the Company including JPM shall not directly or
indirectly, solicit, initiate, or encourage any offers or proposals for the
acquisition of the Company, or of any of the capital stock or all, or
substantially all, of the assets of the Company, from third parties (an
"Acquisition Proposal"). The Company, may, however, participate in discussions
or negotiations with, and provide confidential information to, a third party, if
the Chairman of the Board of the Company determines in good faith, after
receiving advice from the Company's financial advisor, that such third party has
submitted a bona fide proposal or indication of interest that is, or could
reasonably be expected to lead to, an Acquisition Proposal that is financially
superior to the non-binding indication of interest contained in the letter of
August 7, 1997 from Robert W. Cardy to Paul L. Foster, provided, however, that
the Company agrees to inform us of the receipt of any such proposal.


<PAGE>
Ms. Donna M. Hitscherich
August 7, 1997
Page 5

Legal Remedy

We understand and agree that money damages would not be a sufficient remedy for
any breach of this Agreement by us or our representatives and that the Company
will be entitled to specific performance and injunctive relief as remedies for
any such breach. Such remedies shall not be deemed to be the exclusive remedies
for a breach of this Agreement by us or our representatives but shall be in
addition to all other remedies available at law or equity.

Other

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto
regarding the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be changed only by a
written agreement signed by the parties hereto or their authorized
representatives.

This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of
the State of New York, without regard to the conflicts of law principles
thereof.



<PAGE>
Ms. Donna M. Hitscherich
August 7, 1997
Page 6


If you are in agreement with the foregoing, please sign and return one copy of
this letter, it being understood that all counterpart copies will constitute but
one agreement with respect to the subject matter of this letter.

                              Very truly yours,

                              CARPENTER TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

                              By:  /s/ G. Walton Cottrell
                              Name:  G. Walton Cottrell
                              Title:  Senior Vice President - Finance
                                         and Chief Financial Officer

                              /s/ John r. Welty
                              Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

Agreed and accepted this 11th day of August, 1997

J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES INC., solely as Company's representative

By:  /s/ Donna M. Hitscherich
Name:  Donna M. Hitscherich
Title:  Vice President